405 San Antonio Rd . 405sanantoniord
2013 8
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Merlone
Geier Partners (MGP) for a mixed- use development consisting of
office, retail, and hotel uses on 9.9 acres in the San Antonio
Shopping Center. MGP submitted revised plans in February 2013 for a
mixed-use development consisting of office, retail, cinema an d hotel,
with reduced office area and building heights. A project EIR and
General Plan Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. Council
held a study session in April 2013. The project and traffic analysis
will be brought to a second round of study sessions in Fall 2013.
Revised plans were submitted in July 2013 and are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. (San Antonio Planning Area) (Melinda
Denis)
2013 9
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development consisting of office, retail, and hotel uses on 9.9
acres. Revised plans were submitted in August 2013 for an office,
retail, cinema and hotel project. A project EIR and General Plan
Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. Council held a study
session in April 2013. Study sessions are scheduled with the EPC on
October 2 and Council on October 29. Final Council action is expected
in summer 2014. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2013 10
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development consisting of office, retail, and hotel uses on 9.9
acres. Revised plans were submitted in August 2013 for an office,
retail, cinema and hotel project. A project EIR an d General Plan
Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. The EPC reviewed the
plan at a study session on October
2013 11
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development consisting of office, retail, and hotel uses on 9.9
acres. Revised plans were submitted in August 2013 for an office,
retail, cinema and hotel project. A project EIR and General Plan
Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. On October 29, the
Council reviewed the overall plan and provided comments. Final Council
action is expected in before summer 2014. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning.
2013 12
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development. The project consists of office, retail, cinema and
hotel buildings. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR will be
necessary for the project. On October 29, the Council reviewed the
overall plan and provided comments. Another study session is
anticipated in spring 2014. Final Council action is expected in before
summer 2014. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning.
2014 1
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development. The project consists of office, retail, cinema and
hotel buildings. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR will be
necessary for the project. On October 29, the Council reviewed the
overall plan and provided comments. B/PAC review is scheduled for
January 2014. Another Council study session is anti cipated in spring
2014. Final Council action is expected in before summer 2014. Project
plans are posted at www.mountainview.gov/planning.
2014 2
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development. The project consists of office, retail, cinema and
hotel buildings. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR will be
necessary for the project. A Council study session is scheduled on
March 4, 2014. Final Council action is expected in befo re summer
2014, following review by B/PAC and the EPC. Project plans are posted
at www.mountainview.gov/planning. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2014 3
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development. The project consists of office, retail, cinema and
hotel buildings. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR will be
necessary for the project. A Council study session was held on March
4, 2014 to discuss placemaking opportunities within the public spaces.
Final Council action is expected before summer 2014, following review
by B/P AC and the EPC. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. (San Antonio Planning Area) (Nancy
Minicucci)
2014 4
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development. The project consists of office, retail, cinema and
hotel buildings. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR will be
necessary for the project. A Council study session was held on March
4, 2014 to discuss placemaking opportunities within the public spaces.
Final Counci l action is expected before summer 2014, following review
by B/PAC and the EPC. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. (San Antonio Planning Area) (Nancy
Minicucci)
2014 6
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR
are being prepared for the project. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. Status/Nex t Step(s): Under review. The
Environmental Planning Commission (EPC) will review the project and
are expected to make a recommendation to the City Council on June 18,
2014. Final City Council action is expected in July 2014. Planning
Area: San Antoni o Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 8
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR
are being prepared for the project. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. On
July 1, 2014 the City Council held a public hearing and decided to
postpone a decisi on on the application until after the draft San
Antonio Precise Plan is published later this year. Council also
directed the applicant to revise the project to include housing. Final
City Council action is anticipated in fall 2014. Planning Area: San
Antonio Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 10
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR
are being pr epared for the project. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. On
July 1, 2014 the City Council held a public hearing and decided to
postpone a decision on the application until after the draft San
Antonio Precise Plan is published later this year. Council also
directed the applicant to revise the project to include housing. Final
City Council action is anticipated in fall 2014. Planning Area: San
Antonio Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 11
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR
are being prepared for the project. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. Status/Next Ste p(s): Under review. On
July 1, 2014 the City Council held a public hearing and decided to
postpone a decision on the application until after the draft San
Antonio Precise Plan is published later this year. Council also
directed the applicant to revise t he project to include housing. The
application is tentatively scheduled for Council’s consideration on
December 2, 2014. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Nancy
Minicucci
2014 12
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR
are being prepared for the project. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. On
December 2, 2014, the City Council approved the project and certified
the EIR. The applicant will be submitting building permit in early
2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 1
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR
are being prepared for the project. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. On
December 2, 2014, the City Council approved the project and certified
the EIR. The applicant will be submitting building permit plans in
early 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Nancy
Minicucci
2015 2
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office (360,909
square feet), retail/commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (approx.
1410 seats) and hotel (167 rooms) totaling approximately 1,080,800
square feet. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being
prepared for the project. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
applicant submitted building permit plans, and staff is currently
reviewing the plans. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Nancy
Minicucci
2015 3
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed-
use development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. A project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR
are being prepared for the project. Project plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building
permit plans are currently under review. Planning Area: San Antonio
Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Merlone Geier Partners
2015 4
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema
(approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permit
plans are currently under review. Planning Area: San Antonio Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Merlone Geier Partners
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema
(approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,08 0,800 square feet. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permit
plans are currently under review. Planning Area: San Antonio Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Merlone Geier Partners
2015 9
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema
(approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. review.
2015 10
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. review.
2015 11
 " 
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In December 2014, Counci l approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. buildings. Building permit plans for the hotel,
cinema, and parking garage are currently under review.
2016 3
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. buildings. Building permit plans for the hotel,
cinema, and parking garage are currently under review.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. buildings, cinema, and parking garage. The
Building permit plans for the hotel are currently under review.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. buildings, cinema, hotel, and parking garage.
2017 4
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel (167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. buildings, cinema, hotel, and parking garage.
2017 6
In December 2014, Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet. buildings, cinema, hotel, and parking garage.
2018 1
In December 2014 Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
In December 2014 Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1,410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet.
2018 11
In December 2014 Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project con sists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1,410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet.
2019 2
In December 2014 Council approved a request for a mixed-use
development on 9.9 acres. The project consists of office ( 360,909
square feet), retail /commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (
approx. 1,410 seats) and hotel ( 167 rooms) totaling approximately
1,080,800 square feet.
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
In December 2014, the City Council approved a mixed-use development on
9.9-acre project site consisting of office (360,909 square f eet),
retail/commercial (107,835 square feet), cinema (approx. 1,410 seats)
and hotel (167 rooms) uses totaling approximately 1,080,800 square
feet at the San Antonio Center.
---
2645 & 2655 Fayette Drive 26452655fayettedrive
2014 8
In May 2014, an informal application was submitted for a new four
story, 28-unit apartment project on 0.44 acre site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner:
Margaret Netto
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
In May 2014, an informal application was submitted for a new four
story, 28-unit apartment project on 0.44 acre site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. Planning A rea: San Antonio Project Planner:
Margaret Netto
2014 12
In May 2014, an informal application was submitted for a new four
story, 28-unit apartment project on a 0.44-acre site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner:
Margaret Netto
2015 1
In May 2014, an informal application was submitted for a new four
story, 28-unit apartment project on a 0.44-acre site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. The applicant submitted plans for informal
Development Review Committee (DRC) review and comment. Planning Area:
San Antonio Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2015 2
In May 2014, an informal application was submitted for a new four
story, 28-unit apartment project on a 0.44-acre site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. The applicant submitted plans for informal
Development Review Committee (DRC) review and comment. Planning Area:
San Antonio Project Planner: Mariya Hodge
2015 3
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 26-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Plans were submitted in May 2014
for informal review and comment by the Development Review Committee. A
formal application was submitted in November 2014. Planning Area: San
Antonio Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: The DeNardi Group
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 26-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial building and
six existing residential units. Status/Next Step(s): Under review.
Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant:
The DeNardi Group
2015 6
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 26-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial building and
six existing r esidential units. Status/Next Step(s): Incomplete;
awaiting revisions. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Mariya
Hodge Applicant: The DeNardi Group
2015 8
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 26-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial building and
six existing residential units. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review.
Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant:
The DeNardi Group
2015 9
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 26-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial buildin g and
six existing residential units.
2015 10
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial building and
six existing residential units.
2015 11
 " 
2015 12
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial building and
six existing residential units. scheduled for January 6, 2016, to
review the project design.
2016 2
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial building and
six existing residential units.
2016 3
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit condominium d evelopment with underground parking
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial building and
six existing re sidential units.
2016 4
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit condominium development with underground parking
and a Heritage Tre e Removal Permit for nine trees on a 0.65-acre site
located on the south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family) District. The project will replace a commercial building and
six existing residential units. Administrator and Subdivision
Committee hearing on April 27, 2016. The project is expected to be
heard by the City Council in June 2016.
2016 6
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit residential condominium development with
underground parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven
trees and relocate two trees on a 0.65-acre site located on the south
side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple- Family) District. The
project will replac e a commercial building and six existing
residential units. Subdivision Committee on April 27, 2016 and
recommended for approval with conditions. The project will be heard by
the City Council on June 7, 2016.
2016 8
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit residential condominium development with
underground parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven
trees and relocate two trees on a 0.65-acre site located on the south
side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple- Family) District. The
project will replace a commercial building and six existing
residential units. 2016.
2016 10
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit residential condominium development with
underground parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven
trees and relocate two trees on a 0.65-acre site located on the south
side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple- Family) District. The
project will replac e a commercial building and six existing
residential units. 2016.
2017 2
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit residential condominium development with
underground parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven
trees and relocate two trees on a 0.65-acre site located on the south
side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple- Family) District. The
project will replace a commercial building and six existing
residential units. 2016.
2017 4
Request for a Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new
four-story, 24-unit residential condominium development with
underground parking and a Heritage Tree R emoval Permit to remove
seven trees and relocate two trees on a 0.65-acre site located on the
south side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple- Family) District.
The project will replace a commercial building and six existing
residential units. 2016.
2017 6
Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for a new four-story,
24-unit residential condominium development with underground parking
to replace a commercial building and six residential units and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven trees and relocate two
trees on a 0.65-acre project site. The project is located on the south
side of Fayette Drive in the R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. 2016.
2018 3
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a new, 6-story,
44-unit condominium project to replace an existing house, 6-unit
single level apartment, and commercial space (carpet cleaning), and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 5 trees on a 2.5 acre project
site; and a determination that the project is catego rically exempt
pursuant to 15332 of the CEQA Guidelines (“In-Fill Development
Projects”). This project is located on the south side of Fayette Drive
between Del Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2018 5
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a new, 6-story,
44-unit condominium project to replace an existing house, 6-unit
single level apartment, and commercial space (carpet cleaning), and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 5 trees on a 2.5 acre project
site; and a determination that the project is categorically exempt
pursuant to 15332 of the CEQA Guidelines (“In-Fill Development
Projects”). This project is located on the south side of Fayette Drive
between Del Medio Avenue and San Anton io Road in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2018 7
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-D (Multiple Family
Residential) to P40 (San Antonio Precise Plan), a Planned Community
Permit, and a Development Review Permit, to construct a new, 6-story,
44-unit condominium project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to re
move five Heritage trees on a 2.5 acre project site. T he project is
located on the south side of Fayette Drive between Del Medio Avenue
and San Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2018 9
Request for a Zoning Ma p Amendment from R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) to P-40 (San Antonio Precise Pla n), a Planned Com munity
Permit to construct a new, 6-story, 44- unit condominium project, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.5
acre project site. The project is located on the south side of Fayette
Drive between Del Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in the R3-D
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 11
Request for a Zoning Ma p Amendment from R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) to P-40 (San Antonio Precise Pla n), a Planned Community
Permit to construct a new, 6-story, 44- unit condominium project, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.5
acre project site. The project is located on the south side of Fayette
Drive between Del Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in the R3-D
(Multiple-Family Resident ial) district.
2019 2
Request for a Zoning Ma p Amendment from R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) to P-40 (San Antonio Precise Pla n), a Planned Community
Permit to construct a new, 6-story, 44- unit condominium project, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.5
acre project site. The project is located on the south side of Fayette
Drive between Del Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in the R3-D
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) to P-40 (San Antonio Precise Plan), a Planned Community
Permit to construct a new, 6-story, 44- unit condominium project, and
a Heritage Tr ee Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a
2.5-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
Fayette Drive between Del Medio Avenue and San Antoni o Road in the
R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) district to P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan, a Planned
Community Permit to construct a new, 6-story, 44-unit condominium
building and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage
trees on a 2.5-acre project site. The project is located on the south
side of Fayette Drive between Del Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in
the R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential) district. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Matt
VanOosten Applicant: Octane Fayette, LLC
2019 10
Request for a Zoning Ma p Amendment from R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) district to P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Pla n; a Planned
Community Permit to construct a 6-story, 44- unit condominium building
to replace a 6-unit apartment building; and, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 5 Heritage trees on a 2.5-acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of Fayette Drive between Del
Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2020 3
Request for a Zoning Ma p Amendment from R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) district to P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Pla n; a Planned
Community Permit to construct a 6-story, 44-unit condominium building
to replace a 6-unit apartment building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 0.66-acre project site; and a
Tentative Map to create 44 condominium units and one common lot. The
project is located on the south side of Fayette Drive between Del
Medio Avenue and San Anton io Road in the R3-D (Multiple- Family
Residential) district. public hearings for a final decision in April
2020.
2020 5
Request for a Zoning Ma p Amendment from R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) district to P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Pla n; a Planned
Community Permit to construct a 6-story, 44-unit condominium building
to replace a 6-unit apartment building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 0.66-acre project site; and a
Tentative Map to create 44 condominium units and one common lot. The
project is located on the south side of Fayette Driv e between Del
Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple- Family
Residential) district.
2022 2
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential) district to P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan; Planned Community Permit and State Density Bonus with
development waivers to construct a 6- story, 44-unit condominium
building, replac ing 6 existing residential units and a 6,900 square
foot commercial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 8
Heritage trees on a 0.66-acre project site; and Tentative Map to
create 44 condominium units and one common lot. The project is located
on the south side of Fayette Drive between Del Medio Avenue and San
Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential) district to P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan; Planned Community Permit and State Density Bonus with
development waivers to construct a 6-story, 44-unit condominium
building, replac ing 6 existing residential units and a 6,900 square
foot commercial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 8
Heritage trees on a 0.66-acre project site; and Tentative Map to
create 4 4 condominium units and one common lot. The project is
located on the south side of Fayette Drive between Del Medio Avenue
and San Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 8
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential) district to P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan; Planned Community Permit and State Density Bonus with
development waivers to construct a 6-story, 44-unit condominium
building, replac ing 6 existing residential units and a 6,900 square
foot commercial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 8
Heritage trees on a 0.66-acre project site; and Tentative Map to
create 44 condominium units and one co mmon lot. The project is
located on the south side of Fayette Drive between Del Medio Avenue
and San Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
Request for a Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit and
State Density Bonus with development waivers to construct a 6-story,
44-unit condominium building, replacing 6 existing residential units
and a 6,900 square foot commercial bui lding; a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 0.66-acre project site; and
Tentative Map to create 44 condominium units and one common lot. The
project is located on the south side of Fayette Drive between Del
Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 12
On November 9, 2022, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a one- year Permit Extension to a
previously approved Planned Community Permit and State Density Bonus
with development waivers to construct a 6-story, 44-unit condominium
building, replaci ng 6 existing residential units and a 6,900 square
foot commercial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 8
Heritage trees on a 0.66-acre project site; and Tentative Map to
create 44 condominium APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS units and one
common lot. The project is located on the south side of Fayette Drive
between Del Medio Avenue and San Antonio Road in the R3-D (Multiple-
Family Residential) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
 " 
---
North Bayshore Precise Plan  Update northbayshorepreciseplanupdate
2013 5
In May 2011, Council authorized the preparation of the North Bayshore
Precise Plan. Work was put on hold pending completion of the North
Shoreline Transportation Study. An amen dment to the scope of services
for th e plan will be going to Council in May 2013. The formal CEQA
review and plan development will continue through 2014. (North
Bayshore Planning Area)
2013 6
In May 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the North
Bayshore Precise Plan. The next steps throug h 2013 include
preparation of technical reports, developing plan alternatives fo r
further analysis, and creating a policy framework. Completion of this
plan is expected by the end of 2014. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2013 7
In May 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the North
Bayshore Precise Plan. The next steps through 2013 include preparation
of technical reports, developing plan alternatives for further
analysis, and creating a policy framework. Completion of this plan is
expected by the end of 2014. (North Bayshore Planning Area) (Martin
Alkire)
2013 8
 " 
2013 9
In May 201 3, Council approved a revised scope of work for the North
Bayshore Precise Plan. On September 16, the Council will discuss
district- wide sustainability in North Bayshore. Study sessions are
scheduled for the Precise Plan with the EPC on September 25 and the
Council on October 15. Completion of this plan is expected by the end
of 2014.
2013 10
In May 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the North
Bayshore Precise Plan. On September 16, the Council discuss ed
district-wide sustainability in North Bayshore. The EPC held a s tudy
session for the Precise Plan on September 25 and the Council will
discuss the Plan on October 15. Completion of this plan is expected by
the end of 2014.
2013 11
In May 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the North
Bayshore Precise Plan. A study session covering transportation issues
and a preferred alternative is scheduled for December 10, 2014.
Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014.
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In May 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the North
Bayshore Precise Plan. EPC and Council study sessions are scheduled on
January 8 and 14, respectively. Completion of this plan is expected by
the end of 2014. See www.northbayshorepreciseplan.org for more
information. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2014 2
In May 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the North
Bayshore Precise Plan. A Council study session is scheduled on
February 25, 2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of
2014. See www.northbayshorepreciseplan.org for more information.
(North Bayshore Planning Area) (Martin Alkire)
2014 3
A Council study session was held on February 25, 2014 to discuss
character area boundaries and potential building heights. Additional
public meetings are planned for spring and summer 2014. Completion of
this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.northbayshorepreciseplan.org for more information. (North Bayshore
Planning Area) (Martin Alkire)
2014 4
A Council study session was held on February 25, 2014 to discuss
character area boundaries and potential building heights.
Environmental Planning Commission (EPC) and City Council meetings are
planned for late April to discuss transportation issues. Completion of
this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.northbayshorepreciseplan.org for more information. (North Bayshore
Planning Area) (Martin Alkire)
2014 6
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision is
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, economic development,
and improved mobil ity. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Link to Project
Website: www.northbayshorepreciseplan.org Status/Next Step(s): The
City Council held a meeting on April 28, 2014 and provided direction
on transportation policies for the Precise Plan, including
Transportation Demand Management requirements; establishing a vehicle
trip cap; and supporting congestion pricing policies. The draft plan i
s expected to be published in July 2014. The next antici pated hearing
dates will be in f all 2014 with the Environmental Planning Commission
and City Council. Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2014 8
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision i s
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, economic development,
and improved mobility. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Link to Project
Website: www.northbayshorepreciseplan.org Status/Next Step(s): The
City Council held a meeting on April 28, 2014 and provided direction
on transportation policies for the Precise Plan, including
Transportation Demand Management requirements; estab lishing a vehicle
trip cap; and supporting congestion pricing policies. The draft plan
was released for public review on July 31, 2014. The next antici pated
hearing dates will be September 3, 2014 with the Environmental
Planning Commission and September 9, 2014 with the City Council. These
meetings will include an overview of the plan and the opportunity for
members of the community to comment. A copy of the draft Precise Plan
can be found here: http://www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/a
ctiveprojects/northbayshor e_.asp Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2014 10
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision is
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, ec onomic development,
and improved mobility. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Link to Project
Website: www.northbayshorepreciseplan.org Status/Next Step(s): The
draft Plan was released for public review on July 31, 2014. Meetings
were held on September 3, 2014 with the Environmental Planning
Commission (EPC) and September 9, 2014 with the City Council. These
meetings include d an overvie w of the Plan and the opportunity for
public comment. The Plan will be considered for adoption in late
November, with an EPC meeting on November 19th and City Council
meeting on November 25. A copy of the draft Precise Plan can be found
here: http://www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/activeprojects
/northbayshor e_.asp Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2014 11
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision is
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, economic development,
and improved mobility. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Link to Project W
ebsite: www.northbayshorepreciseplan.org Status/Next Step(s): The
draft Plan was released for public review on July 31, 2014. Meetings
were held on September 3, 2014 with the Environmental Plannin g
Commission (EPC) and September 9, 2014 with the City Council. These
meetings include d an overview of the Plan and the opportunity for
public comment. The Plan will be considered for adoption in late
November, with an EPC meeting on November 19 and City Council meeting
on November 25. A copy of the draft Precise Plan can be found here:
http://www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/activeprojects/north
bayshor e_.asp Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2014 12
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision is
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, ec onomic development,
and improved mobility. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Status/Next
Step(s): On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise
Plan and certified the EIR. The final Plan will be available to the
public in early 2015. Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2015 1
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision is
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, economic development,
and improved mobility. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Status/Next
Step(s): On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise
Plan and certified the EIR. The final Plan will be available to the
public in early 2015. Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2015 2
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision is
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, economic development,
and improved mobility. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Status/Next
Step(s): On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise
Plan and certified the EIR. On February 3, 2015, the City Council will
discuss theh plan and potential for residential uses for the area.
Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2015 3
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision is
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, economic development,
and improved mobility. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Status/Next
Step(s): On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise
Plan and certified the EIR. Plan s have been submitted for the Bonus
Floor Area Ratio (FAR) allocation review. In April, staff will present
an update on options to consider allowing housing in the area and a
recommendation on the Bonus FAR allocation. Project Planner: Martin
Alkire
2015 4
The Precise Plan establishes a new vision based on the General Plan’s
policy direction for the North Bayshore Change Area. The vision is
based on habitat preservation, sustainability, economic development,
and improved mobility. The Precise Plan will include new land use
standards to guide future development in the area. Status/Next
Step(s): On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise
Plan and certified the EIR. Plan s have been submitted for the Bonus
Floor Area Ratio (FAR) allocation review. In April, staff will present
an update on options to consider allowing housing in the area in an
amended Precise Plan process, and in May staff will make a
recommendation to the City Council on the Bonus FAR allocation.
Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2015 5
Status/Next Step(s): On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved
the North Bayshore Precise Plan and certified the EIR. On April 14,
2015, t he City Council approved a scope of work for an amendment to
the Preicse Plan to allow residential uses. This process will begin in
June with a public workshop. Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2015 6
Status/Next Step(s): On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved
the North Bayshore Precise Plan and certified the EIR. On April 14,
2015, t he City Council approved a scope of work for an amendment to
the Preicse Plan to allow residential uses. This process will begin in
July with a public workshop. Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2015 8
Status/Next Step(s): On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved
the North Bayshore Precise Plan. On April 14, 2015, t he City Council
approved a scope of work for an amendment to the Precise Plan to allow
residential uses. On July 25, 2015, the City held a community workshop
at the Senior Center to receive public input. Additional info rmation
on the Precise Plan Update process is available on the City’s website.
Project Planner: Martin Alkire North Bayshore Precise Plan Update
2015 9
On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved the North Bayshore
Precise Plan. On April 14, 2015, t he City Council approved a scope of
work for an amendment to the Precise Plan to allow residential uses.
On July 25, 2015, the City held a community workshop at the Senior
Center to receive public input. A second community workshop is being
planned for Octo ber. Additional information on the Precise Plan
Update process and upcoming meetings is available on the City’s
website.
2015 10
On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved the North Bayshore
Precise Plan. On April 14, 2015, t he City Council approved a scope of
work for an amendment to the Precise Plan to allow residential uses.
On July 25, 2015, the City held a community workshop at the Senior
Center to receive public input. A sec ond community workshop will be
held October 22, 2015. Additional information on the Precise Plan
Update process and upcoming meetings is available on the City’s
website.
2015 11
On November 25, 2014, the City Council approved the North Bayshore
Precise Plan. On April 14, 2015, t he City Council approved a scope of
work for an amendment to the Precise Plan to allow residential uses.
On July 25, 2015 and October 22, 2015 the City held community workshop
s at the Senior Center to receive public input. Potential land use
scenarios are being discussed at the November 4, 2015 EPC meeting and
the November 1 0, 2015 Council meeting. Additional information on the
Precise Plan Update process and upcoming meetings is available on the
City’s website.
2015 12
On April 14, 2015, t he City Council approved a scope of work for an
amendment to the Precise Plan to allow residential uses. Potential
land use scenarios were discussed at the November 4, 2015
Environmental Planning Commission ( EPC) and November 10, 2015 Council
meeting s. The Environmental Impact Report (EIR) process and Precise
Plan update will begin in 2016. Additional information on the Precise
Plan Update process and upcoming meetings is available on the City’s
website.
2016 2
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff t o amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
process is anticipated to take approximately 2 years and will include
many opportunities for public participation. This Precise Plan update
comes after the adoption of the North Bayshore Precise Plan in
November 2014 and completion of the Bonus FAR application review in
May 2015. To date, two community workshops have been conducted and
initial discussions regarding potential land use scenarios have taken
place with the Environ mental Planning Commission (EPC) and City
Council. Next t he E PC will consider initial Precise Plan p olicy
topics at their February 3, 2016 meeting. The n the City Council will
review these policy topics at their March 1, 2016 meeting. Additional
meetings with the EPC and City Council will then be scheduled to
review additional policy related materials. Additional information on
the Precise Plan Update process and upcoming meetings is available on
the City’s website.
2016 3
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff to amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
process is anticipated to take approximately 2 years. This Precise
Plan update comes after the adoption of the North Baysho re Precise
Plan in November 2014 and completion of the Bonus FAR application
review in May 2015. To date, two community workshops have been
conducted and initial discussions regarding potential land use
scenarios have taken place with the Environmental Planning Commission
(EPC) and City Council. The EPC and City Council consider ed Precise
Plan p olicy topics at their February 3, 2016 and March 1, 2016
meeting s, respectively. Additional hearings with the EPC and City
Council will then be scheduled to review additional policy related
materials. Additional information on the Precise Plan Update process
and upcoming hearings are available on the City’s website.
2016 4
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff to amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
process is anticipated to take approximately 2 years. This Precise
Plan update comes after the adoption of the North Baysho re Precise
Plan in November 2014 and completion of the Bonus FAR application
review in May 2015. To date, two community workshops have been
conducted regarding potential land use scenarios. The Environmental
Planning Commission (EPC) and City Council have provided direction on
the land use scenarios to study, as well as given direction on a
number of Precise Plan p olicy topics. Additional information on the
Precise Plan Update process and upcoming meetings are available on the
City’s website.
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff to amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
Precise Plan update comes after the adoption of the North Bayshore
Precise Plan in November 2014 and completion of the Bonu s FAR
application review in May 2015. The Environmental Planning Commission
(EPC) and City Council have provided direction on a number of Precise
Plan p olicy topics. Additional information on the Precise Plan Update
process and upcoming meetings are available on the City’s website.
adoption hearings planned for 2017.
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff to amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
Precise Plan update comes after the adoption of the North Bayshore
Precise Plan in November 2014 and completion of the Bonus FAR
application review in May 2015. The North Bayshore Precise Plan Public
Draft was released in November 2016. The Environmental Planning
Commission (EPC) and City Council provided comments on the Public
Draft at meetings in November. underway, with additional study
sessions on affordable housing and transportation and adoption
hearings for the Plan and EIR schedul ed for later this year.
2017 4
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff to amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
Precise Plan update comes after the adoption of the North Bayshore
Precise Plan in November 2014 and completion of the Bonu s FAR
application review in May 2015. The North Bayshore Precise Plan Public
Draft was released in November 2016. The Environmental Planning
Commission (EPC) and City Council provided comments on the Public
Draft at meetings in November. now available on the City’s Planning
Division website. EPC and City Council meetings are scheduled in A
pril to discuss North Bayshore transportation issues, in May to
discuss a ffordable h ousing, and in June to consider adoption of the
Plan.
2017 6
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff to amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
Precise Plan update comes after the adoption of the North Bayshore
Precise Plan in November 2014 and completion of the Bonu s FAR
application review in May 2015. The North Bayshore Precise Plan Public
Draft was released in November 2016. The Environmental Planning
Commission (EPC) and City Council provided comments on the Public
Draft at meetings in November. now available on the City’s Planning
Division website. Adoption hearings are tentatively scheduled for f
all 2017.
2018 1
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff to amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
Precise Plan update comes after the adoption of the North Bayshore
Precise Plan in November 2014 and completion of the Bonu s FAR
application review in May 2015. The North Bayshore Precise Plan Public
Draft was released in November 2016. The Environmental Planning
Commission (EPC) recommended adoption of the Precise Plan to the City
Council on November 15, 2017. On Decembe r 12, 2017 the City Council
adopted the Plan and certified the Environmental Impact Report (EIR).
January.
2018 3
On February 3, 2015, the City Council directed staff to amend the
North Bayshore Precise Plan to include residential land uses. This
Precise Plan update comes after the adoption of the North Bayshore
Precise Plan in November 2014 and completion of the Bonu s FAR
application review in May 2015. The North Bayshore Precise Plan Public
Draft was released in November 2016. The Environmental Planning
Commission (EPC) recommended adoption of the Precise Plan to the City
Council on November 15, 2017. On Decembe r 12, 2017 the City Council
adopted the Plan and certified the Environmental Impact Report (EIR).
---
369 N . Whisman R d. 369nwhismanrd
2013 8
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 square feet of additional
office area and a 10 year Development Agreement for Keenan Lovewell.
Google is occupying the existing site. The property owner has not
indicated if they will proceed with the additional buildings.
2013 9
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 square feet of additional
office area and a 10 year Development Agreement for Keenan Lovewell.
Google is occupying the existing site.
2013 10
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 square feet of additional
office area and a 10 year Development Agreement for Keenan Lovewell.
The project is inactive. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 sq uare feet of additional
office area and a 10 year Development Agreement for Keen an Lovewell.
The project is inactive. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 3
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 square feet of additional
office area and a 10 year Development Agreement for Keenan Lovewell.
The project is inactive. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 4
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 sq uare feet of additional
office area and a 10 year Development Agreement for Keenan Lovewell.
The project is inactive. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 6
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step
(s): Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 8
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit a nd Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the remova l of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, n orth of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step
(s): Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 10
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the require d parking, a Tentative Map to create 13
parcels, and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on
the east side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 11
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking red uction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step
(s): Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 12
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduc tion of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step
(s): Approved, but in active at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 1
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to creat e 13
parcels, and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on
the east side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 2
In September 2011, the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through
September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 3
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The sit e is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step
(s): Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Whisman As sociates, LLC
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existin g office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step
(s): Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Whisman As sociates, LLC
2015 6
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buil dings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east s
ide of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step (s):
Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through
September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Whisman As sociates, LLC
2015 8
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a park ing reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. Status/Next Step
(s): Approve d, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested
through September 2021. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Whisman As sociates, LLC
2015 9
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70, 846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2015 10
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing offic e buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2015 11
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70, 846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2015 12
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a park ing reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2016 2
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story park ing structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office buildings and the removal of 22 heritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 par
cels, and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the
east side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2016 3
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduc tion of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2016 4
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The sit e is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2016 6
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduc tion of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2016 8
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Roa d. vested through
September 2021.
2016 10
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east s
ide of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2017 2
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existi ng office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of N. Whisman, north of E. Middlefield Road. vested through
September 2021.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
In September 2011, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approva l also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of North Whisman Road, north of East Middlefield Road. vested
through September 2021.
2018 1
In September 2011 the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduc tion of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of North Whisman Road, north of East Middlefield Road. vested
through September 2021.
2018 3
In September 2011 the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existing office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of North Whisman Road, north of East Middlefield Road. vested
through September 2021.
2018 5
In September 2011 the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq. ft. office
building, a four-story 109,927 sq. ft. office building and two four-
story parking structures on a 29.3-acre site (0.49 FAR) with seven
existin g office b uildings and the removal of 22 H eritage trees. The
approval also included a parking reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9
percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels,
and a 10-year Development Agreement. The site is located on the east
side of North Whisman Road, north of East Middlefield Road. vested
through September 2021.
2018 7
In September 2011 the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to co nstruct a three-story 70,846 sq uare foot
office buildi ng, a four-story 109,927 square foot office b uilding,
and two four-story parking structures on a 29.3- acre project site
(0.49 FAR) with seven existing office b uildings and the removal of 22
H eritage trees. The approval also included a parking reduction of 143
spaces or 6.9 percent of the required p arking, a Tentative Map to
create 13 parcels, and a 10- year Development Agreement. The project
is located on the east side of North Whisman Road, north of East
Middlefield Road. vested through September 2021.
2018 9
In September 2011 the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office building, and
two four-story parking structures on a 29.3-acre project site (0.49
FAR) with seven existing office buildings and the remova l of 22
Heritage trees. The approval also included a parking reduction of 143
spaces or 6.9 percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to
create 13 parcels, and a 10-year Development Agreement. The project is
located on the east side of North Whis man Road, north of East
Middlefield Road. through September 2021.
---
1958 Latham Street  1958lathamstreet
2014 12
In November 2014, an informal appli cation was submitted for a new
three story, 6- unit project on a 0.39-acre site. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Margaret
Netto Central Neighborhood Planning Area
2015 1
In November 2014, an informal application was submitted for a new
three story, 6- unit project on a 0.39-acre site. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. The applicant submitted plans for informal Development
Review Committee (DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: San Antonio
Project Planner: Margaret Netto Central Neighborhood Planning Area
2015 2
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a single-family
home and a large garage structure. Status/Next Step(s): Under review.
Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Eric Anderson Central
Neighborhood Planning Area
2015 3
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Per mit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: San Antonio Project
Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Barry Swenson Builder Central
Neighborhood Planning Area
2015 4
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees.
Status/Nex t Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: San Antonio Project
Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Barry Swenson Builder Central
Neighborhood Planning Area
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees.
Status/Next Step(s): Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: San Antonio
Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Barry Swenson Builder
Central Neighborhood Planning Area
2015 8
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees.
Status/Next Step(s): Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: San Antonio
Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Barry Swenson Builder
2015 9
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Pe rmit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In
August 2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast
Live Oaks on the property. tentative scheduled in October 2015 and a
City Council Meeting is tentatively scheduled in December 2015.
2015 10
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Her itage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property.
2015 11
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property.
2015 12
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property. 6, 2016, to review the project design.
2016 2
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property. scheduled for Februar y 10, 2106. A City Council hear
ing is tentatively scheduled for March 15, 2016.
2016 3
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property. recommended approval on Februar y 10, 2106. A City
Council hear ing is tentatively scheduled for March 15, 2016.
2016 4
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property. 2016.
2016 6
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Pe rmit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In
August 2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast
Live Oaks on the property. 2016.
2016 8
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a la rge garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property. 2016.
2016 10
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property. 2016.
2017 2
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the property. 2016. Building permit plans are under review.
Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2017 4
In January 2015, a formal application was submitted for a new three
story, 6-unit rowhouse project on a 0.39-acre site, replacing a
single-family home and a large garage structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to five Heritage trees. In August
2015 the project was revised to preserve the two large Coast Live Oaks
on the propert y. 2016. Building permit plans are under review.
Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2018 1
On March 15, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development to replace a single-family home and large garage structure
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of up to five
Heritage trees on a 0.39-acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff Avenues
in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2018 3
On March 15, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development to replace a single-family home and large garage structure
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of up to five
Heritage trees on a 0.39-acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff Avenues
in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On March 15, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development to replace a single-family home and large garage structure
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of up to five
Heritage trees on a 0.39-acre project site. The project is located on
the north side o f Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff
Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 9
On March 15, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse de
velopment and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of five
Heritage tree s on a 0.39-acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff Avenues
in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) dist rict.
2018 11
On March 15, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse dev
elopment and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of five
Heritage tree s on a 0.39-acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff Avenues
in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) distr ict.
2019 2
 " 
2019 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Per mit and a Development
Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse development and a Heri tage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of one Heritage tree on a
0.39-acre project site. Th e project is located on the north side of
Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff Avenues in the R3-1
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of one Heritage tree on a 0.39-acre
project site. The project is located on the north side of Latham
Street between Escuela and Rengstorff Av enues in the R3-1 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remov e one Heritage tree on a vacant 0.39-acre
project site. The project is located on the north side of Latham
Street between Escuela and Rengstorff Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2020 3
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.39-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create 6 residential lots and one common lot. The p roject is located
on the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff
Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.39-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create 6 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff
Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 2
 " 
2022 4
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.39-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create 6 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the north side of Latham Street betwee n Escuela and Rengstorff
Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. APPROVED
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
2022 6
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.39-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create 6 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff
Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Fami ly Residential) district.
2022 8
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.39-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create 6 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff
Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 10
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.39-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create 6 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorf f
Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 12
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.39-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create 6 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the north side of Latham Street between Escuela and Rengstorff
Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2023 2
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 6-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.39-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create 6 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the north DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW side of Latham Street
between Escuela and Rengstorff Avenues in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
---
858 Sierra Vista Ave. 858sierravistaave
2013 8
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 4-unit
small-lot single- family development on 0.52 acres. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in 2014. (Noah Downing) Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
2013 9
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 4-unit
small- lot single- family development on 0.52 acres. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in 2014. (Noah Downing)
2013 10
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 4-unit
small-lot single- family development on 0.52 acres. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in 2014. (Noah Downing)
2013 11
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 4-unit
small-lot single- family development on 0.52 acres. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in 2014. (Peter Gilli)
2013 12
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 4-unit
small-lot single- family development on 0.52 acres. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in 20 14. (Susie Pineda)
2014 1
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 4-unit
small-lot single- family development on 0.52 acres. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in 2014. (Susie Pineda)
2014 2
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for a 4-un it small-lot single-family
development on 0.52 acres. A final Council hearing is anticipated in
2014.
2014 3
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for a 4- unit small-lot single-family
development on 0.52 acres. A final Council he aring is anticipated in
2014.
2014 4
In July 2013, Paul Ryan applied for a 4-unit small-lot single-family
development on 0.52 acres. A final Council he aring is anticipated in
2014.
2014 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot,
single-family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre
project site, locat ed on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Colony Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. A final
Administrative Zoning hearing is anticipated in fall 2014. Planning
Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot,
single-family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre
project site, located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Colony Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. A final
Administrative Zoning hearing is anticipated in fall 2014. Planning
Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot,
single-family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre
project site, located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Colony Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. On September
24, 2014 the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee held a
public hearing and recommended a conditional approval of this project
to the City Council. The City Council is tentatively scheduled to
review the project on November 12, 2014. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 11
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot,
single-family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre
project site, located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Colony Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. On Septe
mber 24, 2014 the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee held
a public hearing and recommended a conditional approval of this
project to the Ci ty Council. The City Council is scheduled to hold a
public hearing for the project on November 12, 2014. Planni ng Area:
Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 12
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residenti al)
district. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant intends to
submit for Building Permit in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 1
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residenti al)
district. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The a pplicant intends to
submit for b uilding permit in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 3
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residenti al)
district. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The a pplicant intends to
submit for b uilding permit in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Paul Ryan
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The a pplicant intends to
submit for b uilding permit in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Paul Ryan
2015 6
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project si
te, located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony
Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The a pplicant intends to
submit for b uilding permit in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Paul Ryan
2015 8
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project si
te, located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony
Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The a pplicant intends to
submit for b uilding permit in fall 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Paul Ryan
2015 9
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. permit in fall 2015.
2015 10
On November 12, 2014 t he C ity Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. permit in fall 2015.
2015 11
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project si
te, located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony
Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. permit in fall 2015.
2015 12
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. permit in fall 2015.
2016 2
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council appr oved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. permit s in fall 2016.
2016 3
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multi ple-Family Residential)
district. permit s in fall 2016.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. permit s in fall 2016.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a Request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site,
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
 " 
2018 1
On November 12, 2014 t he City Council approved a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Heritage T ree Removal Permit to allow four small-lot, single-family
homes to replace an existing ho me, on a 0.52 acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Colony Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On November 12, 2014 the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, Developme nt Review Permit, and Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow four small-lot, single-family homes to replace
an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and
Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
---
870 Leong  Dr. 870leongdr
2013 8
In January 2011, Bob Desai applied for permits to replace the vacant
Denny’s building with a three-story hotel. There have been long
periods of no activity from the applicant on the project. A formal
submittal for a three-story, 7 8 room hotel arrived in June 2013. The
site is known to have contaminated groun dwater. The Precise Plan
allows final action on this application by the Zoning Administrator.
(Noah Downing) San Antonio Planning Area
2013 9
In January 2011, Bob Desai applied for permits to replace the vacant
Denny’s building with a three-story hotel. There have been long
periods of no activity from the applicant on the project. A formal
submittal for a three-story, 7 8 room hotel arrived in June 2013. The
site is known to have contaminated groundwater. The Precise Plan
allows final action on this application by the Zoning Administrator.
(Noah Downing) San Antonio Planning Area
2013 10
In June 2013, plans for a three-story, 7 8 room hotel w ere submitted.
The site is known to have contaminated groundwater. The project is
inactive. (Noah Downing) San Antonio Planning Area
2013 11
In June 2013, plans for a three-story, 78 room hotel were submitted.
The site is known to have contaminated groundwater. The project is
inactive.
2013 12
In June 2013, plans for a three-story, 78 room hotel were submitted.
The site is known to have contaminated groundwater. The project is
undergoing environmental review.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In June 2013, plans for a three-story, 78 r oom hotel were submitted.
The site is known to have contaminated groundwa ter. The project is
undergoing environmental review.
2014 3
In June 2013, plans for a three-story, 78 room hotel were submitted.
The site is known to have contaminated groundwater. The project is
undergoing environmental review.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive. Status/Next
Step (s): Under review. The project is undergoing environmental
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 8
 " 
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive. Status/Next
Step (s): Under revi ew. The project is undergoing environmental
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive. Status/Next
Step (s): Under review. The project is undergoing environmental
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 1
 " 
2015 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive. Status/Next
Step (s): Under review. The project is undergoing environmental
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Temple Hospitality
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive. Status/Next
Step (s): Under review. The project is undergoing environmen tal
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Temple Hospitality
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive. Status/Next
Step (s): Under review. The project is undergoing environmental
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Temple Hospitality
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive. Status/Next
Step (s): Incomplete. Awaiting revisions. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Temple
Hospitality
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive.
2015 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Developme nt Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive.
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a
0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
 " 
2018 1
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Admin istrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the construction of
a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel on a 0.85-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of Leong Drive between Moffett
Boulevard and Highway 101 in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan. upheld
by the City Council on November 7, 2017.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the construction of
a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel on a 0.85-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of Leong Drive between Moffett
Boulevard and Highway 101 in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
appealed and upheld by the City Cou ncil on November 7, 2017.
---
Antenna Farm  antennafarm
2013 5
In October 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Signature
Homes for a n 18 unit, small-lot single family home project on a
vacant piece of property in Whisman Station. An EPC study session is
scheduled for June 201 3. Final Council action is expected in December
2013.
2013 6
In October 2013, Council authorized a Ga tekeeper request by Signature
Homes for an 18 unit, small-lot single family ho me project on a
vacant piece of property in Whisman Station. An EPC study sessi on is
scheduled for June 2013. Final Council action is expected in December
2013.
2013 7
In October 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Signature
Homes for an 18 unit, small-lot single family home project on a vacant
piece of property in Whisman Station. An EPC study session was held in
June 2013 and the applicant is revising the plans. Final Council
action is expected in December 2013.
2013 8
 " 
2013 9
In October 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Signature
Homes for an 18 unit, small-lot single family home project on a vacant
piece of property in Whisman Station. An EPC study session was held in
June 2013 and the applicant is revising the plans. Final Council
action is expected in early 2014.
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
In October 201 2, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Signature
Homes for an 18 unit, small-lot single family home project on a vacant
piece o f property in Whisman Station. Final Council action is
expected in early 2014.
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In October 201 2, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Signature
Homes for an 18 homes on a vacant piece o f property in Whisman
Station. The applicant has submitted a formal application for 16
small- lot homes. Final Council action is expected in early 2014.
2014 2
In October 2012, Council authorized a Gate keeper request by Signature
Homes for an 18 homes on a vacant piece of property in Whisman
Station. The applicant has submitted a formal applicat ion for 16
small-lot homes. Final Council action is expected in early 2014.
2014 3
In October 201 2, Council authorized a Gatekeeper r equest by
Signature Homes for 18 homes on a vacant piece o f property in Whisman
Station. The applicant has submitted a formal application for 16
small- lot homes. Final Council action is expected in fall 2014.
2014 4
In October 201 2, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Signature
Homes for 18 small lot homes on a vacant piece o f property in Whisman
Station. The applicant has submitted a formal application for 16
small-lot homes. Final Council action is expected in fall 2014.
2014 6
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next St ep(s): Under
review. Final Council action is expected in fall 2014. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 8
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisma n Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. Final Council action is exp ected in fall 2014. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 10
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. Final Council action is expected in fall 2014. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 11
Request for a Precise Plan Am endment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
An application for Building Permit is anticipated in late 2014.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 12
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Pl anned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-
family homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. An application for Building Permit is anticipated in early
2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2015 1
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
An application for Building Permit is anticipated in early 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 2
 " 
2015 3
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot sing le-
family homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. An application for Building Permit is anticipated in early
2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: Signature Homes
2015 4
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next St ep(s): Approved.
An application for Building Permit is anticipated in mid-2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Signature Homes
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
An application for Building Permit is anticipated in mid-2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Signature Homes
2015 8
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. Status/Next St ep(s): Approved.
An application for Building Permit is anticipated in mid-2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Signature Homes
2015 9
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site. anticipated in mid-2015.
2015 10
 " 
2015 11
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisma n Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site.
2016 3
Request for a Precise Plan Amendment to the Whisman Station Precise
Plan to allow small-lot single-family homes where rowhomes are
required and a Planned Community Permit for 16 small-lot single-family
homes on a vacant 2 acre project site.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
 " 
---
450 N . Whisman Dr. 450nwhismandr
2013 8
In April 2013, the City received an application for a 37- unit two-
story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4-acre site owned by the San
Francisco PUC. A Council public hearing is expected in early 2014 at
the earliest. (Scott Plambaeck)
2013 9
In April 2013, the City received an application for a 37- unit two-
story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4-acre site owned by the San
Francisco PUC. A Council public hearing is expected in 2014.
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
In April 2013, the City received an application for a 37- unit two-
story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4-acre site owned by the San
Francisco PUC. A Council public hearing is expected in 2014. (Scott
Plambaeck)
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In April 2013, the City received an application for a 37-unit two-
story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4-acre site owne d by the San
Francisco PUC. A Council public hearing is expected in 2014.
2014 3
In April 2013, the City received an application for a 37- unit two-
story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4- acre site owned by the San
Francisco PUC. A Council hearing is expected in 2014.
2014 4
In April 2013, the City received an application for a 37-unit two-
story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4-acre site owned by the San
Francisco PUC. A Council hearing is expected in 2014.
2014 6
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 8
 " 
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. A City Council hearing is scheduled
for November 12, 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Scott Plambaeck
2014 12
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The City Council approved the project
on November 12, 2014. Planning Area: Moff ett/Whisman Project Planner:
Scott Plambaeck
2015 1
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The City Council approved the project
on November 12, 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project Planner:
Scott Plambaeck
2015 3
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approved the project on November 12, 2014.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: SummerHill Homes
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approve d the project on November 12, 2014.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: SummerHill Homes
2015 8
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approved the project on November 12, 2014.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: SummerHill Homes
2015 9
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approved the project on November 12, 2014. review.
2015 10
In April 2013, th e applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approved the project on November 12, 2014. review.
2015 11
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approved the project on November 12, 2014. review.
2015 12
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located o n North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approved the project on November 12, 2014. review.
2016 2
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permi t and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approved the project on November 12, 2014. plans are
under review.
2016 3
In April 2013, the applicant submitted a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property,
located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive.
The City Council approved the project on November 12, 2014.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
 " 
2018 1
On November 12, 2014 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre project
site. The project is located on North Whisman Road between Whisman
Court and Walker Drive in the R-2 (Two-Famil y Residential) district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
On November 12, 2014 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre project
site. The project is located on North Whisman Road between Whi sman
Court and Walker Drive in the R-2 (Two-Family Residential) district.
2018 7
On November 12, 2014 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit
rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre project
site. The proje ct is located on North Whisman Road between Whisman
Court and Walker Drive in the R-2 (Two-Family Residential) district.
---
277 Fairchild Dr . 277fairchilddr
2013 8
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. The project is in its initial phase of
development review. Final Council action is expected in spring 2014.
(Eric Anderson)
2013 9
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. The project is in its initial phase of
development review.
2013 10
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. The project is inactive.
2013 11
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. Warmington Residential took over the project
in August 2013. (Eric Anderson)
2013 12
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. Warmington Residential took over the project
in August 2013. A final Council hearing could occur prior to summer
2014.
2014 1
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. Warmington Residential took over the project
in August 2013. A final Council hearing could occur prior to summer
2014. (Eric Anderson)
2014 2
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. Warmington Residential took over the project
in August 2013. A final Council hearing could occur prior to summer
2014.
2014 3
In February 2014, plans for a 30 unit rowhouse project on a 1.5 acre
site were submitted. A final Council hearing is anticipated in late
2014.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
The applicant is proposing 30 new rowhomes on a 1.5-acre lot. The
project would replace a motel and small commercial building.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. The Zoning Administrator is
expected to hold a public hearing for the project and the subdivision
application later this summer. A final Council meeting is anticipated
in late 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
2014 8
 " 
2014 10
The applicant is proposing 30 new rowhomes on a 1.5-acre lot. The
project would replace a motel and small commercial building.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A final Council meeting is
anticipated in early 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 11
The applicant is proposing 30 new rowhomes on a 1.5-acre lot. The
project would replace a motel and small commercial building.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A Council hearing is anticipated
in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
2014 12
The applicant is proposing 30 new rowhomes on a 1.5-acre lot. The
project would replace a motel and small commercial building.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A Council hearing is anticipated
in mid-2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
2015 1
The appl icant is proposing 30 new rowhomes on a 1.5-acre lot. The
project would replace a motel and small commercial building.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A Council hearing is anticipated
in mid-2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
2015 3
The applicant is proposing 27 new rowhomes on a 1.5-acre lot. The
project would replace a motel and small commercial building and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove up to eight Heritage trees.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A Council hearing is anticipated i
n mid-2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric
Anderson Applicant: Warmington Residential
2015 4
The applicant is proposing 27 new rowhomes on a 1.5-acre lot. The
project would replace a motel and small commercial building and would
remove up to eight Heritage trees. Status/Next Step (s): Under review.
An Administrative Zoning public hearing is anticipated on May 13,
2015. A Council hearing is tentatively scheduled for June 9, 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson
Applicant: Warmington Residential
2015 5
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 22 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage
Trees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience store. Status/Next Step (s): Under
review. An Administrative Zoning public hearing is anticipated on May
13, 2015. A Council hearing is tentatively scheduled for June 9, 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson
Applicant: Warmington Residential
2015 6
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 22 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage
Trees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a mot
el, and a small convenience store. Status/Next Step (s): Under review.
The Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee recommended
conditional approval of the project a joint hearing on May 13, 2015. A
Council hearing is tentatively scheduled for June 9, 2015. Planning
Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant:
Warmington Residential
2015 8
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 2 2 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage
Trees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience stor e. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
The City Council approved the project on June 9, 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Warmington
Residential
2015 9
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 2 2 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage
Trees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience stor e. June 9, 2015.
2015 10
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Communit y Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 22 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story deta ched single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage
Trees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience store. June 9, 2015.
2015 11
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whi
sman Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 22 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage
Trees. Existing uses on the lot include two singl e-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience store. June 9, 2015.
2015 12
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 2 2 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage
Trees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience stor e. June 9, 2015.
2016 2
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Aven ue on the block between North
Whisman Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 22 3-story
attached single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family
homes, facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8
Heritage Trees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family
homes, a motel, and a small convenience store. June 9, 2015. Building
p ermit plan s are under review.
2016 3
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 2 2 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage t
rees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience stor e. June 9, 2015. Building p ermit
plan s are under review.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 2 2 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage t
rees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience stor e. Building p ermit plan s are
under review.
2016 10
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 22 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage t
rees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience store. Building p ermit plan s are
under review.
2017 2
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 22 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facin g Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage t
rees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience store. Building permit plan s are under
review.
2017 4
In February 2014, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
request for a rowhouse project on a 1.47 acre site with frontage on
Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whisman
Road and Tyrella Avenue. The project includes 2 2 3-story attached
single-family homes and four 2-story detached single-family homes,
facing Evandale Avenue. The project would remove up to 8 Heritage t
rees. Existing uses on the lot include two single-family homes, a
motel, and a small convenience stor e. Building p ermit plan s are
under review. A permit extension has been filed.
2018 1
On June 9, 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a 22- unit rowhouse development on a 1.47 acre site with frontage
on Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North Whi
sman Road and Tyrella Avenue and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of eight Heritage t rees to replace two single-family
homes, a motel, and a small convenience store. The project is located
on the south side of Fairchild Drive between North Whisman Road and
Tyrella Avenue in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
---
575 E . Middlefield R d. 575emiddlefieldrd
2013 8
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign w
as subsequently acquired by Symantec. The applicant has not submitted
a building permit to construct the approved building.
2013 9
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The applicant has not submitted
a building permit to construct the approved b uilding.
2013 10
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The project is inactive.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The project is inactive.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 2
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The project is inactive.
2014 3
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The project is inactive.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 4
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 sq uare feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The project is inactive.
2014 6
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritag e trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This property is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved,
but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through February
2018. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planne r: Scott Plambaeck
2014 8
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three ex isting
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a par cel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved, but inactive at this
time. Entitlemen ts are vested through February 2018. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 10
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved, but inactive at this
time. Entitlements are vested through February 2018. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 11
In Febru ary 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit t o remove
21 heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This property is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved,
but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through February
2018. Planning Area: Moffett/Whis man Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 12
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree per mit to remove
21 heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This property is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved,
but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through February
2018. Planning Area: Moffett /Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 1
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The appro val includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This prope rty is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved,
but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through February
2018. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 2
In February 2010, the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. Status/Next Step(s): Approved, but inactive at this
time. Entitlements are vested through February 2018. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 3
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The appro val includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This property is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved,
but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through February
2018. The applicant has applied for a minor amendment to the Develop
ment Agreement, which will be heard in public hearings by the Zoning
Administrator and the City Council in Spring 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Symantec
2015 4
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The appro val includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This prope rty is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved,
but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through February
2018. The applicant applied for an amendment to the Development
Agreement (DA), was heard by the City Council on March 31, 2015.
Council requested that staff continue to negotiate with Symantec on
the key timing triggers and milestones in the DA. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Symantec
2015 5
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 6 2 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. Status/Nex t Step (s): Approved, but inactive at this
time. Entitlements are vested through February 2018. The applicant
applied for an amendment to the Development Agreement (DA), and the
request was considered by the City Council on March 31, 2015. Council
directed staff to continue to negotiate with Symantec on the key
timing triggers and milestones in the DA. A follow-up City Council
hearing has been scheduled for May 19, 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Symantec
2015 6
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The appro val includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This prope rty is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved,
but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through February
2018. The applicant applied for an amendment to the Development
Agreement (DA), and the request was considered by the City Council on
March 31, 2015. Council approved a DA amendment in May of 2015; second
reading of the Ordinance is scheduled for June 9, 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Symantec
2015 8
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 s q. ft., four-
story office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three
existing office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to
remove 21 heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the
existing parking lot and landscaping, a park ing reduction of 62
spaces or 7.9 percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to
create condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year
Development Agreement. This property is located on the south side of
East Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. Status/Next Step (s):
Approved, but inactive at this time. Entitlements are vested through
February 2018. The applicant applied for an amendment to the
Development Agreement (DA), and the request was considered by the City
Council on March 31, 2 015. Council approved a DA amendment in May of
2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Symantec
2015 9
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The appro val includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This prope rty is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. vested through February 2018.
The applicant applied for an amendment to the Development Agreement
(DA), and the request was considered by the City Council on March 31,
2015. Council approved a DA amendment in May of 2015.
2015 10
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to con struct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-
story office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three
existing office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to
remove 21 heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the
existing parking lot and l andscaping, a parking reduction of 62
spaces or 7.9 percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to
create condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year
Development Agreement. This property is located on the south side of
East Middlefield Ro ad between Ellis Street. vested through February
2018. The applicant applied for an amendment to the Development
Agreement (DA), and the request was considered by the City Counc il on
March 31, 2015. Council approved a DA amendment in May of 2015.
2015 11
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to re move
21 heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This property is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. vested through February 2018.
The applicant applied for an amendment to the Development Agreement
(DA), and the request was considered by the City Council on March 31,
2015. Council approved a DA amendment in May of 2015.
2015 12
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. vested through February 2018. The applicant applied for
an amendment to the Development Agreement (DA), and the request was
considered by the City Council on March 31, 2015. Council approved a
DA amendment in May of 2015.
2016 2
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 1 02,419 sq. ft., four-
story office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three
existing office buildings and a request for a heritage tree permit to
remove 21 heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the
existing parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces
or 7.9 percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This property is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. vested through February 2018.
The applicant applied for an amendment to the Development Agreement
(DA), and the request was considered by the City Council on Ma rch 31,
2015. Council approved a DA amendment in May of 2015.
2016 3
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a Heritage tree permit to remove 21
h eritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Developm ent
Agreement. This property is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. vested through February 2018.
The applicant applied for an amendment to the Development Agreement
(DA), and the request was considered by the City Council on March 31,
2015. Council approved a DA amendment in May of 2015.
2016 4
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a Heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. vested through February 2018. The applicant applied for
an amendment to the Development Agreement (DA), and the request was
considered by the City Council on March 31, 2015. Council approved a
DA amendment in May of 2015.
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
In February 2010, the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a Heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. vested through February 2018. The applicant applied for
an amendment to the Development Agreement (DA), and the request was
considered by the City Council on March 31, 2015. Council approved a
DA amendment in May of 2015.
2016 10
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a Heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. vested through February 2018. The app licant applied for
an amendment to the Development Agreement (DA), and the request was
considered by the City Council on March 31, 2015. Council approved a
DA amendment in May of 2015.
2017 2
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a Heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. vested through February 2018. The applicant applied for
an amendment to the Development Agre ement (DA), and the request was
considered by the City Council on March 31, 2015. Council approved a
DA amendment in May of 2015.
2017 4
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a Heritage tree permit to remove 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscap ing, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. vested through February 2018. The applicant applied for
an amendment to the Development Agreement (DA), and the request was
considered by the City Council on March 31, 2015. Council approved a
DA amendment in May of 2015.
2017 6
In February 2010, the City Council approved a r equest for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story
office building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing
office buildings and a request for a Heritage tree permit to re move
21 heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing
parking lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9
percent of the total required parking, a parcel map to create
condominium parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development
Agreement. This property is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street. vested through February 2018.
The applicant applied for an amendment to the Development Agreement
(DA), and the request was considered by the City Council on March 31,
2015. Council approved a DA amendment in May of 2015.
2018 1
In February 2010 the City Council approved a Transit Oriented
Development Permit to construct a 102,419 sq. ft., four-story office
building on a 10.7-acre site (0.5 FAR) with three existing office
buildings and a request for a H eritage tree permit to remo ve 21
heritage trees. The approval includes upgrades to the existing parking
lot and landscaping, a parking reduction of 62 spaces or 7.9 percent
of the total required parking, a parcel map to create condominium
parcels for the buildings, and an 8-year Development Agreement. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street. vested through February 2018. The applicant applied for
an amendment to the Development Agreement (DA) which was approved by
Council in May of 2015.
---
100 Moffett B lvd. 100moffettblvd
2013 8
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
Prometheus to study rezoning of 2.9 acres for 190 apartments. In June
2013, Council directed the project design to include a dedicated
right-turn lane on Moffett Boulevard at Central Expressway and to
close the vehicular ramp from Stierlin Road to Central Expressway.
Additional review by B/PAC and EPC will be schedu led before a final
Council hearing at the end of 2013. (Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning
Area)
2013 9
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
Prometheus to study rezoning of 2.9 acres for 190 apartments. In June
2013, Council directed the project design to include a dedicated
right- turn lane on Moffett Boulevard at Central Expressway and to
close the vehicular ramp from Stierlin Road to Central Expressway.
B/PAC will review circulation and right- of-way issues on September 26
and an EPC public hearing is scheduled for November 6 with a final
Council hearing o n December 3.
2013 10
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
Prometheus to study rezoning of 2.9 acres for 190 apartments. In June
2013, Council directed the project design to include a dedicated
right-turn lane on Moffett Boulevard at Central Expressway and to
close the vehicular ramp from Stierlin Road to Central Expressway.
B/PAC review ed circulation and right-of-way issues on September 26
and an EPC public hearing is scheduled for November 6 with a final
Council hearing on December 3. (Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area)
2013 11
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
Prometheus to study rezoning of 2.9 acres for 190 apartments. In June
2013, Council directed the project design to include a dedicated
right-turn lane on Moffett Boulevard at Central Expressway and to
close the vehicular ramp from Stierlin Road to Central Expressway.
B/PAC review ed circulation and right-of-way issues on September 26
and an EPC public hearing is scheduled for November 6 with a final
Council hearing on December 3. (Monta Loma/F arley/Rock Planning Area)
2013 12
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
Prometheus to study rezoning of 2.9 acres for high density apartments.
In June 2013, Council directed the project design to include a
dedicated right-turn lane on Moffett Boulev ard at Central Expressway
and to close the vehicular ramp from Stierlin Road to Central
Expressway. A final Council hearing for the 184 unit project is
scheduled o n December 3. (Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area)
2014 1
In December 2013, Council approved a 184 unit apartment project for
Prometheus. Demolition is expected in February 2014 and project
completion in January 2016. (Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area)
2014 2
In December 2013, Council approved a 184 unit apartment project for
Prometheus. Demolition is expected in February 2014 and project
completion in January 2016. (Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planni ng Area)
2014 3
In December 2013, Council approved a 184 unit apartment project for
Prometheus. Demolition is anticipated in April 2014 and project
completion in January 2016. (Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area)
2014 4
In December 2013, Council approved a 184 unit apartment project for
Prometheus. Demolition is anticipated in spring/summer 2014 and
project completion in January 2016.
2014 6
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real Estate Group for a project including 184-unit apartment project,
replacing commercial and office buildings on an existing approximately
2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of an existing
vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo connecting Stierlin
Road to the corner of Central Expressway and Moffett Boulevard.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Demolition of existing onsite
improvements is anticipated by summer 2014, and construction is
expected to be completed by January 2016. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 8
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real E state Group for a 184-unit apartment project. The project
includes three residential buildings that replac e existing commercial
and office buildings on an approximately 2.68 acre site. The project
includes the conversion of an existing vehicle on-ramp to a
bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo co nnecting Stierlin Road to the corner
of Central Expressway and Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Demolition of existing buildings and site improvements began
in July 2014, and construction is expected to be completed by January
2016. In July 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a reduced
development alternative. The reduced development alternative includes
the design of a smaller “Building A ”, and will only be used if the
owner cannot secure the land necessary to construct the originally
approved project. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 10
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real Estate Group for a 184-unit apartment project. The project
includes three residential buildings that r eplac e existing
commercial and office buildings on an approximately 2.68 acre site.
The project includes the conversion of an existing vehicle on-ramp to
a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo connecting Stierlin Road to the corner
of Central Expressway and Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. In July 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a reduced
development alternative. The reduced development alternative includes
the design of a smaller “Building A”, and will only be used if the
owner cannot secure the land necessary to construct the originally
approved project. Demolition of existing buildings and site
improvements is complete. Excavation and shoring is expected to begin
in October 2014, and construction is expected to be completed by early
2016. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca
Shapiro
2014 11
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real Estate Group for a 184-unit apartment project. The project
include s three residential buildings that r eplac e existing
commercial and office buildings on an approximately 2.68 acre site.
The project includes the conversion of an existing vehicle on-ramp to
a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo connecting Stierlin Road to the c
orner of Central Expressway and Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. In July 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a
reduced development alternative. The reduced development alternative
includes the design of a smaller “Building A”, and w ill only be used
if the owner cannot secure the land necessary to construct the
originally approved project. Demolition of existing buildings and site
improvements is complete. Construction is underway and expected to be
completed by early 2016. Plann ing Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 12
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real Estate Group for a 184-unit apartment project. The project
includes three residential buildings that r eplac e existing
commercial and office buildings on an approximately 2.68 acre site.
The project includes the conversion of an existing vehicle on-ramp to
a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo connecting Stierlin Road to the corner
of Central Expressway and Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. In July 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a reduced
development alternative. The reduced development alternative includes
the design of a smaller “Building A”, and will only be used if the
owner cannot secure the land necessary to construct the originally
approved project. Construction is underway and expected to be
completed by early 2016. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2015 1
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real Estate Group for a 184-unit apartment project. The project
includes three residential buildings that r eplac e existing
commercial and office buildings on an approximately 2.68 acre site.
The project includes the conversion of an existing vehicle on-ramp to
a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo connecting Stierlin Road to the corner
of Central Expressway and Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. In July 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a reduced
development alternative. The reduced development alternative includes
the design of a smaller “Building A”, and will only be used if the
owner cannot secure the land necessary to construct the originally
approved project. Construction is underway and expected to be
completed by mid-2016. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2015 2
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real Estate Group for a 184-unit apartment project. The project
includes three residential buildings that replace existing commercial
and office buildings on an approximately 2.68 acre site. The project
includes the conversion of an existing vehicle on-ramp to a
bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo connecting Stierlin Road to the corner
of Central Expressway and Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. In July 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a reduced
development alternative. The reduced development alternative includes
the design of a smaller “Building A”, and will only be used if the
owner cannot secure the land necessary to construct the originally
approved project. Construction is underway and expected to be
completed by mid-2016. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2015 3
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real Estate Group for a 184-unit apartment project. The project
includes three residential buildings that r eplac e existing
commercial and office buildings on an approximately 2.68 acre site.
The project inclu des the conversion of an existing vehicle on-ramp to
a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo connecting Stierlin Road to the corner
of Central Expressway and Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is underway and expected to be completed by
mid/late-2016. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner:
Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 4
In December 2013, the City Council approved a request by Prometheus
Real Estate Group for a 184-unit apartment project. The project
includes three residential buildings that replac e existing commercial
and office buildings on an approximately 2.68 acre site. The project
includes the conversion of an existing vehicle on-ramp to a
bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo connecting Stierlin Road to the corner
of Central Ex pressway and Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is underway and expected to be completed by
mid/late-2016. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner:
Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 5
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is
underway and expected to be completed by mid/late-2016. Planning Area:
Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant:
Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
 " 
2015 9
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be completed by mid/late-2016.
2015 10
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stie rlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be completed by mid/late-2016.
2015 11
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be completed by mid/late-2016.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be completed by late 2016.
2016 8
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be completed by late 2016 /early 2017.
2016 10
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be completed in phases by late 2016 /early 2017.
2017 2
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be co mpleted in phases; one building is complete
and the remaining two buildings are expected to be complete d in early
2017.
2017 4
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be co mpleted in phases; one building is complete
and the remaining two buildings are expected to be complete d by
mid-2017.
2017 6
In December 2013, the City Council approved a 184-unit apartment
project. The project includes three new residential buildings on an
approximately 2.68 acre site. The project includes the conversion of
an existing vehicle on-ramp to a bicycle/pedestrian-only paseo
connecting Stierlin Road to the corner of Central Expressway and
Moffett Boulevard. be co mpleted in phases; two building s are
complete and the remaining building is expected to be complete d by
mid-2017.
---
908 N. Rengstorff Ave. 908nrengstorffave
2013 9
In August 2013, formal plans for a new childcare center were
submitted. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is anticipated by the
end of 2013. (Lindsay Hagan) Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2013 10
In August 2013, formal plans for a new 2- story, 84-child daycare
center were submitted. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is
anticipated by the end of 2013. (Lindsay Hagan) Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
2013 11
In August 2013, formal plans for a new 2- story, 84-child daycare
center were submitted. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is
anticipated by the end of 2013. (Lindsay Hagan)
2013 12
In August 2013, formal plans for a new 2- story, 84-child daycare
center was submitted. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is
anticipated in early 2014. (Lindsay Hagan)
2014 1
In August 2013, formal plans for a new 2- story, 84-child daycare
center was submitted. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is
anticipated in 2014. (Lindsay Hagan)
2014 2
In August 2013, formal plans for a new 2-story, 84-child daycare
center was submitted. A final Administrative Zoni ng hearing is
anticipated in 2014. (Lindsay Hagan)
2014 3
In August 2013, formal plans for a new 2- story, 84-child daycare
center was submitted. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is
anticipated in spring 2014. (Lindsay Hagan)
2014 4
In August 2013, formal plans for a new 2-story, 84-child daycare
center was submitted. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is
anticipated in spring 2014. (Lindsay Hagan)
2014 6
In August 2013, Windsor Academy submitted an application for a new
2-story, 84 child daycare center on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. An Administrative
Zoning public hearing is tentatively scheduled for June 11, 2014.
Planning Area: Monte Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 8
In August 2013, Windsor Academy submitted an application for a
Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
2-story, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 s q. ft.) project
site. The project would necessitate the demolition of one single-
family home, replacing it with a new child care center, resulting in
7,038 net new square feet of development on the site. Status/Next Step
(s): Under review. Planning Ar ea: Monte Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 10
In August 2013, Windsor Academy submitted an application for a
Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
2-story, 8,088-square-foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage
Tree removal permit to remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre
(18,731 sq. ft.) project site. The project would necessitate t he
demolition of one single-family home, replacing it with a new child
care center, resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on
the site. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. An Administrative Zoning
public hearing is scheduled for October 8, 2014. Planning Area: Monte
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 11
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for
a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
2-story, 8,088- square-foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage
Tree removal permit to remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre
(18,731 sq. ft.) project site. The project would necessitate the
demolition of one singl e-family home, replacing it with a new child
care center, resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on
the site. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Planning Area: Monte
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 12
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Planning Area: Monte Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 1
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demoli tion of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Planning Area: Monte Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 2
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single-family home,
resulting in 7,318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Planning Area: Monte Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 3
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heri tage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Monte Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Lindsay
Hagan Applicant: Windsor Academy
2015 4
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demoli tion of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Monte Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Lindsay
Hagan Applicant: Windsor Academy
2015 5
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Status/Next S tep(s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Lindsay
Hagan Applicant: Windsor Academy
2015 6
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Lindsay
Hagan Applicant: Windsor Academy
2015 8
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demoli tion of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Lindsay
Hagan Applicant: Windsor Academy
2015 9
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demoli tion of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
2015 10
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Tre es on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Demolition has begun.
2015 11
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demoli tion of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
Demolition has begun.
2015 12
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demoli tion of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
2016 2
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage Trees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
2016 3
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage t rees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage t rees on a 0.43 acre (18,7 31 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
2016 10
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage t rees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 sq. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
2017 2
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage t rees on a 0.43 acre (18,731 s q. ft.) project
site. The project includes the demolition of one single- family home,
resulting in 7, 318 net new square feet of development on the site.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
In October 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Revi ew Permit for a new 2-story, 8,088-square-
foot, 84 child daycare center and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove two Heritage t rees on a 0.43 acre project site. The project
includes the demolition of one single-family home, resulting in 7, 318
net new square feet of development on the site.
---
1701 W. El Camino Real 1701welcaminoreal
2014 4
In April 2014 an application was submitted for a 24-unit residential
development, inclu ding a S tate density bonus request for a 20%
density bonus (4 units). The development is proposed to be four
stories, with two to three stories of residential units abo ve ground-
level podium parking, on the southwest corner of El Camino Real West
and Rich Avenue.
2014 6
In April 2014, an application was submitted for a 24-unit residential
development, including a State density bonus request for a 20% density
bonus (4 units) on a vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the corner
of Rich Avenue and El Camino Real West. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca
Shapiro
2014 8
 " 
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
In April 2014, an application was submitted for a 24-unit residential
development, including a State density bonus request for a 20% density
bonus (4 units) on a vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the c orner
of Rich Avenue and El Camino Real West. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca
Shapiro
2014 12
In April 2014, an application was submitted for a 24-unit residential
dev elopment, including a State density bonus request for a 20%
density bonus (4 units) on a vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the
corner of Rich Avenue and El Camino Real West. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Rebecca Shapiro
2015 1
In April 2014, an application was submitted for a 24-unit residential
development, including a State density bonus request for a 20% density
bonus (4 units) on a vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the corner
of Rich Avenue and El Camino Real West. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca
Shapiro
2015 2
 " 
2015 3
In April 2014, an application was submitted for a 24-unit residential
development, including a State density bonus request for a 20% density
bonus (4 units) on a vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the corner
of Rich Avenue and El Camino Real West. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. The project is on-hold while the City considers an alternate
proposal for an affordable housing development through the City’s
Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA) process. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Projec t Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: El Camino
MV Holdings LLC
2015 4
In April 2014, an application was submitted for a 24-unit residential
development, including a State density bonus request for a 20% density
bonus (4 units) on a vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the corner
of Rich Avenue and El Camino Real West. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. The project is on-hold while the City considers an alternate
proposal for an affordable housing development through the City’s
Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA) process. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: El Camino MV
Holdings LLC – Branagh Development
2015 5
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Community Permit to
allow the construction of a 24-unit residential development, including
a State density bonus request for a 20% density bonus (4 units) on a
vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the corner of Rich Avenue and El
Camino Real West. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The project is
on-hold while the City considers an alternate proposal for an
affordable housing development through the City’s Notice of Funding
Availa bility (NOFA) process. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods
Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: El Camino MV Holdings LLC
– Branagh Development
2015 6
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Community Permit to
allow the construction of a 24-unit residential development, including
a State density bonus request for a 20% density bonus (4 units) on a
vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the corner of Rich Avenue and El
Camino Real West. Status/Next Step(s): Under review; awaiting
revisions. The City is evaluating an alternate proposal for an
affordable housing development through the City’s Notice of Funding
Availability (NOFA) process. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods
Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: El Camino MV Holdings LLC
– Branagh Development
2015 8
 " 
2015 9
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Community Permit to
allow the construction of a 24-unit residential development, including
a State density bonus request for a 20% density bonus (4 units) on a
vacant, approximately ½ acre site on the corner of Rich Avenue and El
Camino Real West. an alternate proposal for an affordable housing
development through the City’s Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA)
process.
2015 10
The City is evaluating a proposal for a 60 unit (all studio s)
affordable housing development through the City’s Notice of Funding
Availability (NOFA) process, on an approximately half-acre site on the
corner of Rich Avenue and West El Camino Real. proposal at a public
hearing tentatively scheduled for October 20, 2015.
2015 11
The City is evaluating a proposal for a 60 unit (all studio s)
affordable housing development through the City’s Notice of Funding
Availability (NOFA) process, on an approximately half-acre site on the
corner of Rich Avenue and West El Camino Real. development at a public
hearing on October 20, 2015. The a pplicant will prepare plans for
submittal of a formal development application.
2015 12
In December, the applicant submitted for a Planned Community Permit
and State density bonus to construct a 65-unit affordable studio
apartment development (including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a
0.49-acre vacant lot. This project site is loca ted on the southwest
corner of W est El Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan. This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Counci
l authorized the reservation of funding for the development at a
public hearing on October 20, 2015.
2016 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and State density bonus to
construct a 65- unit affordable studio apartment development
(including one, 1-bedroom mana ger's unit) on a 0.49-acre vacant lot.
This project site is loca ted on the southwest corner of West El
Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Council authorized the
reservation o f funding for the development at a public hearing on
October 20, 2015. December 2015. A DRC meeting is tentat ively
scheduled for February 201 6 to review the project design.
2016 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and State density bonus to
construct a 65- unit affordable studio apartment development
(including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a 0.49-acre vacant lot.
This project site is loca ted on the southwest corner of West El
Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Council authorized the
reservat ion of funding for the development at a public hearing on
October 20, 2015. scheduled for April 2016.
2016 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and State density bonus to
construct a 65- unit affordable studio apartment development
(including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a 0.49-acre vacant lot.
This project site is loca ted on the southwest corner of West El
Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Council authorized the
reservation of funding for the development at a public hearing on
October 20, 2015. 2016. EPC and City Council public hearings are
tentatively scheduled for May and June 2016, respectively.
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and State density bonus to
construct a 65- unit affordable studio apartment development
(including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a 0.49-acre vacant lot.
This project site is loca ted on the southwest corner of West El Cam
ino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Council authorized the
reservation of funding for the development at a public hearing on
October 20, 2015. project at a public hearing on May 18, 2016. A City
Council public hearing for final action on the project is tentatively
scheduled for June 21, 2016.
2016 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and State density bonus to
construct a 65- unit affordable studio apartment development
(including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a 0.49-acre vacant lot.
This project site is loca ted on the southwest corner of West El Cam
ino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Council authorized the
reservation of funding for the development at a public hearing on
October 20, 2015.
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and State density bonus to
construct a 65- unit affordable studio apartment development
(including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a 0.49-acre vacant lot.
This project site is loca ted on the southwest corner of West El
Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Council authorized the
reservation of funding for the development at a public hearing on
October 20, 2015. soon.
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and State density bonus to
construct a 67- unit affordable studio apartment development
(including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a 0.49-acre vacant lot.
This project site is loca ted on the southwest corner of West El
Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Council authorized the
reservation of funding for the development at a public hearing on
October 20, 2015. review.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and State density bonus to
construct a 67- unit affordable studio apartment development
(including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a 0.49-acre vacant lot.
This project site is loca ted on the southwest corner of West El Cam
ino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
This is a City-partnered NOFA project; City Council authorized the
reservation of funding for the development at a public hearing on
October 20, 2015. review.
2018 1
On June 21, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and State density bonus to construct a 67-unit affordable studio
apartment development (including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a
0.49-acre vacant lot. The project is located on the southwest corner
of W est El Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P- 38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On June 21, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and State density bonus to construct a 67-unit affordable studio
apartment development (including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a
0.49-acre vacant lot. The project is loca ted on the southwest corner
of W est El Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
---
827 N . Rengstorff Ave. 827nrengstorffave
2013 8
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed- use retail and condominium project. Formal review will start
in September 2013. (Noah Downing)
2013 9
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed- use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures intends to propose a lower- density
rowhouse project. Formal review will start in September 2013.
2013 10
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed- use retail and condominium project. After fur ther
consideration, City Ventures intends to propose a lower- density
rowhouse project. An EPC study session is scheduled for November 6,
2013. (Margaret Netto)
2013 11
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed- use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures intends to propose a lower- density
rowhouse project. An EPC study session is scheduled for November 6,
2013. (Margaret Netto)
2013 12
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed- use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures intends to propose a lower- density
rowhouse project. EPC supported the project at a November 2013 study
session.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures intends to propose a lower- density
rowhouse project. EPC supported the project at a November 2013 study
session.
2014 3
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed- use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures intends to propose a lower- density
rowhouse project. EPC supported the project at a November 2013 study
session. Final Council action is expected in spring 2014.
2014 4
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures intends to propose a lower- density
rowhouse project. EPC supported the project at a November 2013 study
session. Final Council action is expected in spring 2014.
2014 6
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. EPC recommended approval
of the project to City Council in May 2014. Final Council action is
expected on June 17, 2014. Planning Area: Monte Loma Project Planner:
Margaret Netto
2014 8
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. A building permit submittal is
anticipated in fall 2014. Planning Area: Monte Loma Project Planner:
Margaret Netto
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium proj ect. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant submitted for
building permit in October 2014; plan check is underway. Planning
Area: Monte Loma Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 12
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant submitted for
building permit in October 2014; plan check is underway. Planning
Area: Monte Loma Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower-density rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant submitted for
building permit in October 2014; plan check is underway. Planning
Area: Monte Loma Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 3
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In Jun e 2014, the City Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Un it Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses. The project includes
demolition of an existing one-story industrial building. D.R. Horton
has purchased the site from City Ventures. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The applicant submitted for building permit in October 2014;
plan check is underway. A demolition permit was issued in February
2015 and demolition is complete. Planning Area: Monte Loma Project
Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: D.R. Horton
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In June 2014, the City Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Unit Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east c orner of North Rengstorff Avenue and Colony
Street. The project includes demolition of an existing one-story
industrial building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City
Ventures. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building Permit plans are
currently under review. A demolition permit was issued in February
2015 and demolition is complete. Planning Area: Monta Loma
/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: D.R. Horton
2015 6
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In Jun e 2014, the City Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Un it Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east corner of North Rengstorff Avenue and Colony Street.
The project includes demolition of an existing one-story industrial
building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City Ventures.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building Permit plans are currently
under review. A demolition permit was issued in February 2015 and
demolition is complete. Planning Area: Monta Loma /Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: D.R. Horton
2015 8
 " 
2015 9
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In Jun e 2014, the City Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Un it Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east corner of North Rengstorff Avenue and Colony Street.
The project includes demolition of an existing one-story industrial
building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City Ventures.
review. A demolition permit was issued in February 2015 and demolition
is complete.
2015 10
In April 2013, the City Council autho rized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In June 2014, the C ity Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Unit Developmen t Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east corner of North Rengstorff Avenue and Colony Street.
The project includes demolition of an existing one-story industrial
building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City Ventures.
review. A demolition permit was issued in February 2015 and demolition
is complete.
2015 11
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In Jun e 2014, the City Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Un it Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east corner of North Rengstorff Avenue and Colony Street.
The project includes demolition of an existing one-story industrial
building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City Ventures.
review. A demolition pe rmit was issued in February 2015 and
demolition is complete.
2015 12
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In Jun e 2014, the City Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Un it Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east corner of North Rengstorff Avenue and Colony Street.
The project includes demolition of an existing one-story industrial
building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City Ventures.
review. A demolition permit was issued in February 2015 and demolition
is complete.
2016 2
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In June 2014, the City Council approv ed a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Unit Development Permit and Devel opment Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east corner of North Rengstorff Avenue and Colony Street.
The project includes demolition of an existing one-story industrial
building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City Ventures.
demolition permit was issued in February 2015 and demolition is
complete.
2016 3
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In Jun e 2014, the City Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a Planned
Un it Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east corner of North Rengstorff Avenue and Colony Street.
The project includes demolition of an existing one-story industrial
building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City Ventures.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
In April 2013, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
City Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to
allow a mixed-use retail and condominium project. After further
consideration, City Ventures proposed a lower- density rowhouse
project. In June 2014, the City Council approved a General Plan Land
Use Map Amendment from Limited Industrial to Medium Density
Residential (13 to 25 units per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from ML
(Limited Industrial) to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential), a P lanned
Unit Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
24-unit rowhouse development, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for seven
trees, and a Tentative Map for 24 rowhouses on a 1.4 acre site located
at the south east corner of North Rengstorf f Avenue and Colony
Street. The project includes demolition of an existing one-story
industrial building. D.R. Horton has purchased the site from City
Ventures.
---
600 National Ave. 600nationalave
2013 8
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Lamb Partners
t o study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allow a new 140,000 square foot
office building (0.65 FAR). Council authorized the start of the review
to occur in September 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 9
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Lamb Partners
to study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allow a new 140,000 square foot
office building (0.65 FAR). Council authorized the start of the review
to occur in September 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 10
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Lamb Partners
to study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allow a new 140,000 square foot
office building (0.65 FAR). An EPC study session is scheduled for
October 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area) (Lindsay Hagan)
2013 11
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Lamb Partners
to study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allow a new 140,000 square foot
office building (0.65 FAR). The EPC reviewed the project at a study
session in October 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Pla nning Area)
2013 12
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by National
Avenue Partners to study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allow a new
140,000 square foot office building (0.65 FAR). The EPC reviewed the
project at a study session in October 2013. Final Counc il action is
expected before summer 2014.
2014 1
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by National
Avenue Partners to study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allow a new
140,000 square foot office building (0.65 FAR). The EPC reviewed the
project at a study session in October 2013. Final Council action is
expected before summer 2014.
2014 2
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeep er request by National
Avenue Partners to study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allo w a new
140,000 square foot office building (0.65 FAR). The EPC reviewed the
project at a study session in October 2013. Final Council action is
expected before summer 2014.
2014 3
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by National
Avenue Partners to study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allow a new
140,000 square foot office building (0.65 FAR). The EPC reviewed the
project at a study session in October 2013. Final Council action is
expected before summer 2014.
2014 4
In July 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by National
Avenue Partners to study a rezoning of 4.5 acres to allow a new
140,000 square foot office building (0.65 FAR). The EPC reviewed the
project at a study session in October 2013. The project will return to
the EPC on April 19, 2014 for a recommendation to Council. Final
Council action is expected before summer 2014. (Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area) (Lindsay Hagan)
2014 6
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR). Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Planning Are a: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan
2014 8
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue P
artners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR). Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan
2014 10
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR). Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan
2014 11
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR). Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Demolition began in October 2014. Building permit
plans are currently under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR). Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Demolition beg an in October 2014. Building permit
plans are currently under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 2
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR). Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Demolition began in October 2014. The applicant
submitted building permit plans, and staff is currently reviewing the
plans. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 3
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Demolition
began in October 201 4. The applicant submitted building permit plans,
and staff is currently reviewing the plans. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: National
Avenue Partners
2015 4
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4- story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Demolition
began in October 201 4. The applicant submitted building permit plans,
and staff is currently reviewing the plans. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: National
Avenue Partners
2015 5
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4- story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Demolition
began in October 201 4. The applicant submitted building permit plans,
and staff is currently reviewing the plans. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Proje ct Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: National
Avenue Partners
2015 6
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4- story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building
permit plans are currently under review. Construction is anticipated
to begin later this month. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: National Avenue Partners
2015 8
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Project is
under construction. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan Applicant: National Avenue Partners
2015 9
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings.
2015 10
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,65 4 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 11 Heritage trees to replace four
industrial buildings.
2015 11
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 11 Heritage trees to replace four
industrial buildings.
2016 3
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings.
2016 4
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 11 Heritage trees to replace four
industrial buildings.
2016 6
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 1 1 Heritage trees to replace
four industrial buildings.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
In May 2014, the City Council approved a request by National Avenue
Partners to rezone 4.8 acres (210,346 sq. ft.) from ML (Limited
Industrial) District to P (Planned Community) District to allow a new
4-story, 140,654 sq. ft. office building (0.67 FAR) a one-story
parking structure and the removal of 11 Heritage trees to replace four
industrial buildings. completion in fall 2016.
---
574 Escuela Ave . 574escuelaave
2013 8
In January 2013, Council approved a 44 bed assisted living project.
Building permits are expected in 2013.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
In January 2013, Council approved a 44 bed assisted living project.
The project is inactive.
2013 11
In January 2013, Council approved a 44 bed assisted living project.
The project is inactive. (Margaret Netto)
2013 12
In January 2013, Council approved a 44 bed assisted living project.
The project is inactive.
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In January 2013, Council approved a 44 bed assisted living project.
Building permits were issued in February 2014 and completion is
expected in late 2014.
2014 4
In January 2013, Council approved a 44 bed assisted living project.
The applicant submitted plans for building permits in February 2014.
2014 6
In January 2013, the City Council approved a 44 bed assisted living
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant submitted plans
for building permits in February 2014. Planning Area: San Antonio
Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 8
In January 2013, the City Council approved a 44 bed assisted living
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant submitted plans
for building per mits in February 2014. Planning Area: San Antonio
Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 10
In January 2013, the City Council approved a 44 bed assisted living
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant submitted plans
for building permits in February 2014. Planning Area: San Antonio
Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 11
In January 2013, the City Council approved a 44 bed assisted living
projec t. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant subm itted
plans for building permit. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner:
Margaret Netto
2014 12
In January 2013, the City Council approved a 44 bed assisted living
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant subm itted plans
for building permit. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner:
Margaret Netto
2015 1
In January 2013, the City Council approved a 44 bed assisted living
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant subm itted plans
for building permit in spring 201 4. Planning Area: San Antonio
Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2015 2
In January 2013, the City Council approved a 44 bed assisted living
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant submitted plans
for building permit in spring 2014. Planning Area: San Antonio Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 3
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres project site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The applicant subm itted plans for building permit in spring
201 4. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Wayne Aozasa
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres project site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Building P ermits are under review. Planning Area: San Anton
io Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: Wayne Aozasa Central
Neighborhood Planning Area
2015 9
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres project site. Central Neighborhood
Planning Area
2015 10
 " 
2015 11
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres projec t site. Central Neighborhood
Planning Area
2015 12
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres project site. Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2016 2
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres project site. Miramonte/Springer
Planning Are a
2016 3
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres project site. Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2016 4
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing mult
i-family building on a 0.55 acres project site. Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2016 6
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres proje ct site. Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2016 8
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Text Amendment,
Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal permit to allow 44 senior assisted living beds, in a two-
story, senior assisted-living project to replace an existing multi-
family building on a 0.55 acres project site. Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2016 10
 " 
---
525 East Evelyn Ave. 525eastevelynave
2013 8
In September 2012, Council approved a 70- unit attached rowhouse
project adjacent to the completed Mondrian project. The second phase
is integrated with the neighboring Mondrian rowhouse project. Building
permits have not been submitted.
2013 9
In September 2012, Council approved a 70- unit attached rowhouse
project adjacent to the completed Mondrian project. The second phase
is integrated with the neighboring Mondrian rowhouse project. Building
permits have not been submitted. The project and property are for
sale.
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In September 2012, Council approved a 70- unit attached rowhouse
project adjacent to the completed Mondrian project. Building permits
have not been submitted. The project and property are for sale.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In September 2012, Council approved a 70-unit attached rowhouse
project adjacent to the completed Mondrian project. Buildin g permits
have not been submitted. The project and property are for sale. (Scott
Plambaeck) CITY-WIDE PROJECTS
2014 3
In September 2012, Council approved a 70- unit attached rowhouse
project adjacent to the completed Mondrian project. Building permits
have not been submitted. The project and property are for sale.
2014 4
In September 2012, Council approved a 70-unit attached rowhouse
project adjacent to the completed Mondrian project. Building permits
have not been submitted. The project and property are for sale.
2014 6
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south si de of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request is scheduled for an
Administrative Zoning hearing on June 25, 2014. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2014 8
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south sid e of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2014 10
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, e ast of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2014 11
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2014 12
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing indu
strial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project on
East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2015 1
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative ma p. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2015 2
In September 2012, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2015 3
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with exi sting
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Live Oak Properties
Attachment:  March 2015 – Planning Division Update Map
2015 4
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remo ve 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Appro ved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Live Oak Properties
2015 5
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with exi sting
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit exte nsion for the PUD permit and
the tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Live Oak Properties
2015 6
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative ma p. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Live Oak Properties
2015 8
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The
property owner requested a permit extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map. The extension of time request was approved by the
Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Live Oak Properties
2015 9
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative ma p to September 12, 2016. The extension of time request
was approved by the Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014.
2015 10
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. extension for the PU D permit and the
tentative map to September 12, 2016. The extension of time request was
approved by the Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014.
2015 11
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attache d rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map to September 12, 2016. The extension of time request was
approved by the Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014.
2015 12
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative ma p to September 12, 2016. The extension of time request
was approved by the Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014.
2016 2
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the s outh side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map to September 12, 2016. The extension of time request was
approved by the Zo ning Administrator on June 25, 2014.
2016 3
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative ma p to September 12, 2016. The extension of time request
was approved by the Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative map to September 12, 2016. The extension of time request was
approved by the Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014.
2016 8
In September 2012, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit to allow a
70-unit attached rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 7 Heritage trees, on a 3.65 acre lot with existing
industrial buildings. The project is Phase II of the Shea Home project
on East Evelyn Avenue and is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue, east of Highway 237. extension for the PUD permit and the
tentative ma p to September 12, 2016. The extension of time request
was approved by the Zoning Administrator on June 25, 2014.
---
2000 North Shoreline Boulevard 2000northshorelineboulevard
2013 5
In March 2011, the City Council approved an amendment to the North
Bayshore Precise Plan area to allow up to 595,000 sq. ft. of
office/R&D building area on the site. Google entered into a lease with
the City to develop and occupy the property. Google has stated they
will defer this project until the North Bayshore Precise Plan is
completed. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2013 6
In March 2011, the City Council approved an amendment to the North
Bayshore Precise Plan area to allow up to 595,000 sq. ft. of
office/R&D building area on the site. Google entered into a lease wi
th the City to develop and occupy the property. Google has stated they
will defer this project until the North Bayshore Precise Plan is
completed.
2013 7
In March 2011, the City Council approved an amendment to the North
Bayshore Precise Plan area to allow up to 595,000 sq. ft. of
office/R&D building area on the site. Google entered into a lease with
the City to develop and occupy the property. Google has stated they
will defer this project until the North Bayshore Precise Plan is
completed.
2015 10
Request for the informal review of a 595,000 square foot office
building, including approximately 72,000 square feet of retail/amenity
space and as sociated underground parking under a dome and the removal
of approximately 57 heritage trees on an vacant 18.6 acre project
site. The site is bounded by Charleston Park to the west, Amphitheatre
Parkway to the north, North Shoreline Boulevard to the east and
Charleston Road to the south in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2015 11
Request for the informal review of a 595,000 square foot office
building, including approximately 72,000 s quare feet of
retail/amenity space and associated underground parking under a dome
and the removal of approximately 57 heritage trees on an vacant 18.6
acre project site. The site is bounded by Charleston Park to the west,
Amphitheatre Parkway to the north, North Shoreline Boulevard to the
east and Charleston Road to the south in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan. and September 2015. The applicant submitted an informal
application in October 2015.
2015 12
Request for the informal review of a 595,000 square foot office
building, including approximately 72,000 square feet of retail/amenity
space and associated underground parking under a dome and the removal
of approximately 57 heritage trees on a vacant 18.6 acre project site.
The site is bounded by Charleston Park to the west, Amphitheatre
Parkway to the north, North Shoreline Boulevard to the east and
Charleston Road to the south in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan. October 2015.
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
Request for the informal review of a 595, 000 square foot office
building and the removal of approximately 100 Heritage trees on a
vacant 18.6 acre project site. The site is bounded by Charleston Park
to the west, Amphitheatre Parkway to the north, North Shoreline
Boulevard to the east and Charleston Road to the south in the P-39
(North Bayshore) Precise Plan. in February 2016.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 595,000 square foot, two-story, office building under a canopy
structure and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre
project site. The property is located on the northwest corner of
Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2016 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 595,000 square foot, two-story, office building under a canopy
structure and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre
project site. Th e property is located on the northwest corner of
Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 595,000 square foot, two-story, office building under a canopy
structure and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre
project site. The property is located on the northwest corner of
Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 595,000 square foot, two-story, office building under a canopy
structure and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre
project site. The property is located on the northwest corner of
Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan. the City Council for approval February 8,
2017. The City Council will consider the application at its meeting
March 8, 2017.
2017 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 595,000 square foot, two-story, office building under a canopy
structure and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre
project site. The property is located on the northwest corner of
Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan. Building permit plans are under review.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 595,000
square foot, two-story, office building under a canopy structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre project site. The
project is located on the northwest corner of Charleston Road and
North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
Building permit plans are under review.
2018 9
On March 8, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 595,000 square foot, two-story,
office building under a canopy structure and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre project site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On March 8, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community P ermit
and Development Review Permit for a 595,000 square foot, two-story,
office building under a canopy structure and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre project site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On March 8, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and a Development Review Permit to construct a 595,000 square foot,
two-story office building under a canopy structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove trees on a vacant 18.6-acre project site. The
project is located on the northwest corner of Charleston Road and
North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On March 8, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a two-story, 595,000 square foot,
office building under a canopy structure and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove Heritage trees on a vacant 18.6-acre project site.
The project is located on the northwest corner of Charleston Road and
North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North Ba yshore) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On March 8, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a two-story, 595,000 square foot,
office building under a canopy structure and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove Heritage trees on a vacant 18.6-acre project site.
The project is located on the northwest corn er of Charleston Road and
North Shoreline Boulevard in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On March 8, 2017, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a two-story, 595,000 square foot office
building and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 196 Heritage
trees on a vacant 18.6-acre project site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 4
On March 8, 2017, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a two-story, 595,000 square foot office
building and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 196 Heritage
trees on a vacant 18.6-acre project site. The project is located on
the north west corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 6
On March 8, 2017, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a two-story, 595,000 square foot office
building and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 196 Heritage
trees on a vacant 18.6-acre project site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
On March 8, 2017, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a two-story, 595,000 square foot office
building and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 196 Heritage
trees on a vacant 18.6-acre project site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bays hore) Precise Plan.
2022 12
On March 8, 2017, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a two-story, 595,000 square foot office
building and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 196 Heritage
trees on a vacant 18.6-acre project site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
---
111 & 123 Fairchild Dr . 111123fairchilddr
2013 8
In November 2012, Dividend Homes applied for permits to replace 6
apartment units and 5 small industrial buildings with 18 rowhouses on
a 1.0 acre project site. Final Council action is expected in fall
2013.
2013 9
In November 2012, Dividend Homes applied for permits to replace 6
apartment units and 5 small industrial buildings with 18 rowhouses on
a 1.0 acre project site. Final Council action is expected in early
2014.
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In November 2012, Dividend Homes applied for permits to replace 6
apartment units and 5 small industrial buildings with 18 rowhouses on
a 1.0 acre project site. Final Council action is expected in January
2014.
2014 2
In January 2014, Council approved 18 rowhouse s on a 1.0 acre project
site. Building permit submittal is expected in early 2014.
2014 3
In January 2014, Council approved 18 rowhouses on a 1.0 acre project
site. Building permit s were submitted in February 2014.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage t rees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction is expected to start in fall 2014 and is expected to be
completed by fall 2015. Planning Area: Moffe tt/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 8
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction is expected to start in fall 2014 and is expected to be
completed by fall 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project sit e, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction is expected to start in fall 2014 and is expected to be
completed by fall 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 12
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction is expected to start in fall 2014 and is expected to be
completed by fall 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In January 2014, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction is expected to start in fall 2014 and is expected to be
completed by fall 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 3
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located o n the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction is expected to start in fall 2014 and is expected to be
completed by fall 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 4
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located o n the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction has begun and is expected to be completed by Fall 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 5
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction has begun and is expected to be completed by Fall 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 6
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located o n the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction has begun and is expected to be completed by Fall 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 8
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located o n the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction has begun and is expected to be completed by fall 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 9
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located o n the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. be completed by fall 2015.
2015 10
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. be completed by fall 2015.
2015 11
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located o n the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive. be completed by fall 2015.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In Jan uary 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage tree s, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2016 3
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2016 4
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located o n the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
In January 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow 18
rowhomes, replacing 6 apartment units and 5 industrial buildings, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees, on a
1.0-acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Tyrella
Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
---
Mora- Ortega Precise Plan moraortegapreciseplan
2013 5
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora- Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. Westgate V entures and Lennar
Homes are preparing a rowhouse plan with a public park. (Scott
Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods Planning Area
2013 6
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known ground
water contamination issues that will require mitigation when
redeveloped. Westgate Ventures and Lennar Homes backed out of the
project in spring 2013. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods
Planning Area
2013 7
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigation when redeveloped.
(Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods Planning Area
2013 8
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigation when redeveloped.
(Scott Plamba eck) Central Neighborhooods Planning Area
2013 9
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigation when redeveloped.
The property owners have submitted a second request to extend the
amortization period. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods Planning
Area
2013 10
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigation when redeveloped. In
September 2013, Council authorized a second extension to the
amortization period. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods Planning
Area
2013 11
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigat ion when redeveloped.
In September 2013, Council authorized a second extension to the
amortization period. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods Planning
Area
2013 12
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non- residential uses
on Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigation when redeveloped. In
September 2013, Council authorized a second extension to the
amortization period. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods Planning
Area
2014 1
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwat
er contamination issues that will require mitigation when redeveloped.
In September 2013, Council authorized a second extension to the
amortization period. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods Planning
Area
2014 2
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires a ll non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigation when redeveloped. In
Sept ember 2013, Council authorized a second extension to the
amortization period. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhooods Planning
Area
2014 3
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precise Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses on
Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigation when redeveloped. In
September 2013, Council authorized a second extension to the
amortization period. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhood Planning
Area
2014 4
In February 2012, Council approved an amendment to the Mora-Ortega
Precis e Plan to extend the amortization of the non-residential uses
on Mora Drive until November 2013. The Precise Plan requires all non-
residential uses to cease at that time. The site has known groundwater
contamination issues that will require mitigation wh en redeveloped.
In September 2013, Council authorized a second extension to the
amortization period. Individual plans for rowhouse units have been
submitted. (Scott Plambaeck) Central Neighborhood Planning Area
2014 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 81 attached rowhomes, 4
detached units and a 0.77-acre public park on a 5.13 acr e total
project site. The project is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue
between California Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. In May 2014, the City received an
application for a total of 85-units. Council hearing is expected in
2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Planning Area. Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Central Neighborhood Planning Area
2014 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Re moval permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 81 attached rowhomes, 4
detached units and a 0.77-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total
project site. The project is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue
betwee n California Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. In May 2014, the City received an
application for a total of 85-units. Council hearing is expected in
2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Planning Area. Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Central Neighborhood Planning Area
2014 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 81 attached rowhomes, 4
detached units and a 0.77-acre public park on a 5.13 acr e total
project site. The project is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue
between California Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue.
Status/Next Step (s): Under review. The applicant is currently working
on revised plans. Zoning Administrator, S ubdivision Committee, and
Council hearing s are expected in 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio
Planning Area. Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Central Neighborhood
Planning Area
2014 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 71 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre t otal project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Under review.
The applicant is currently working on revised plans. Zoning
Administrator, Subd ivision Committee, and Council hearing s are
expected in 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Planning Area. Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck Central Neighborhood Planning Area
2014 12
Request for a Planned Com munity Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 71 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is locat ed on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California
Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Under
review. The applicant is currently working on revised plans. Zoning
Administrator, Subdivision Committee, and Council hearing s are
expected in 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project s ite. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Under review.
The applicant is currently working on revised plans. Zoning
Administrator, Subdivision Committee, and Council hearing s are
expected in 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Under review.
The applicant is currently working on revised plans. Zoning
Administrator, Subdivision Committee, and Council hearings are
expected in 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Under review.
The applicant is currently working on revised plans. Zoning
Administrator, Subdivision Committee, and Council hearing s are
expected in 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Lennar Homes
2015 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project s ite. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Under review.
The applicant is currently working on revised plans. Zoning
Administrator, Subdivision Commit tee, and Council hearing s are
expected in 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Lennar Homes
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Under review.
The applicant is currently working on revised plans. A joint
Administrative Zoning and Subdivision hearing are tentatively
scheduled for June 2015, with a City Council hearing tentatively
scheduled for early July 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Lennar Homes
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): A City
Council hearing is tentatively scheduled for October 2015. Planning
Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Lennar
Homes
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project s ite. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. October 2015.
2015 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
building s on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and
a 0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue.
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit t o demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the ter minus of Ortega Avenue. Council hearing.
---
Hope S treet Investors  hopestreetinvestors
2014 8
In July 2014, an application was submitted for a 4-story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units on a 0.26 acre
site located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana
Street. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
 " 
2014 12
In July 2014, an application was submitted for a 4-story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units on a 0.26 acre
site located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana S
treet. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 1
In July 2014, an application was submitted for a 4-story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units on a 0.26 acre
site located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana
Street. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 3
In July 2014, an application was submitted for a 4-story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units on a 0.26 acre
site located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana
Street. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Bill Masten
Architect & Associates
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
In July 2014, an application was submitted for a 4-story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units on a 0.26 acre
site located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana
Street. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The project is scheduled
for a City Council hearing on June 16, 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Bill Masten
Architect & Associates
2015 6
In July 2014, an application was submitted for a 4-story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units on a 0.26 acre
site located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana
Street. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The project is scheduled
for a City Council hearing on June 16, 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Appl icant: Bill Masten
Architect & Associates
2015 8
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree removal permit to remove 2 Heritage Trees on a 0.26 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The a pplicant intends to submit for
Building P ermit in fall 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods
Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Bill Masten Architect &
Associates
2015 9
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree removal permit to remove 2 Heritage Trees on a 0.2 6 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street.
Permit in fall 2015.
2015 10
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree removal permit to remove 2 Heritage Trees on a 0.26 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Stree
t. Permit in fall 2015.
2015 11
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree removal permit to remove 2 Heritage Trees on a 0.2 6 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street.
Permit in fall 2015.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request f or a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree removal permit to remove 2 Heritage Trees on a 0.26 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street.
2016 3
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree remov al permit to remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree remov al permit to remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre site
located on the east side of Ho pe Street between Villa and Dana
Street.
2016 8
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree remov al permit to remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street.
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree remov al permit to remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Stree t between Villa and Dana
Street.
2017 4
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree remov al permit to remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre site
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street.
2017 6
In June 2015, the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Community permit and Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit
condominium project replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree remov al permit to remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0. 26 acre
project site. The project is located on the east side of Hope Street
between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 1
In June 2015 the City C ouncil approved a Planned Community permit and
Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage Tree remov al permit
to remove 2 Heritage t rees on a 0.26 acre project site. The project
is located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
In June 2015 the City C ouncil approved a Planned Community permit and
Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage Tree remov al permit
to remove 2 Heritage t rees on a 0.26 acre project site. The project
is located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana
Street in the P-19 (Downtow n) Precise Plan.
2018 7
In June 2015 the City C ouncil approved a Planned Community permit and
Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage Tree remov al permit
to remove 2 Heritage t rees on a 0.26 acre project site. The project
is located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 11
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community permit and
Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing thre e apartment units, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 2
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community permit and
Provisi onal Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa an d Dana Street
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
750 Moffett Boulevard  750moffettboulevard
2015 4
In April 2015 an informal review application was submitted for a
General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated Caltrans
property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 255 room ho tel and 199,000 square foot office building on a
vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard. Status: Under
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Broadreach Capital Partners
2015 5
In April 2015 an informal review application was submitted for a
General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated Caltrans
property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 255 room hotel and 199,000 square foot office building on a
vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moff ett Boulevard. Status:
Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: Broadreach Capital Partners
2015 6
In April 2015 an informal review application was submitted for a
General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated Caltrans
property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 255 room hotel and 199,000 square foot office building on a
vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard. Status: Under
review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Broadreach Capital Partners
2015 8
In April 2015, an informal application was s ubmitted for a General
Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated Caltrans property to
Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A (Agriculture) and
undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit and Developmen t Review Permit for a 255 room hotel
and 199,000 square foot office building on a vacant 10 acre project
site. The project site is located in the southwest quadrant of Highway
101 and Moffett Boulevard. Status: Under review. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: Broadreach
Capital Partners
2015 9
In April 2015, an informal application was submitted for a General
Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated Caltrans property to
Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A (Agriculture) and
undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned Community), and a Plann
ed Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 255 room hotel
and 199,000 square foot office building on a vacant 10 acre project
site. The project site is located in the southwest quadrant of Highway
101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2015 10
In April 2015, an informal application was submitted for a General
Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated Caltrans property to
Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A (Agriculture) and
undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned Community), and a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 255 room hotel
and 199,000 square foot office building on a vacant 10 acre project
site. The project site is located in the southwest quadrant of Highway
101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2015 11
In April 2015, an informal application was submitted for a General
Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated Caltrans property to
Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A (Agriculture) and
undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned Community), and a Plann
ed Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 255 room hotel
and 199,000 square foot office building on a vacant 10 acre project
site. The project site is located in the southwest quadrant of Highway
101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2015 12
Request for a General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated
Caltrans property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development Review P
ermit for a 255 room hotel and 199,000 square foot office building on
a vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2016 2
Request for a General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated
Caltrans property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office building on
a vacant 10 acre project sit e. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2016 3
Request for a General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated
Caltrans property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office building on
a vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
Request for a General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated
Caltrans property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned C
ommunity), and a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office building on
a vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2016 8
Request for a General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated
Caltrans property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office building on
a vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2016 10
Request for a General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated
Caltrans property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development Rev iew
Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office building on
a vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2017 2
Request for a General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated
Caltrans property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Develop ment Review
Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office building on
a vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard. plans under
review.
2017 4
Request for a General Plan Land Use Map Amendment from undesignated
Caltrans property to Mixed-Use Corridor, a Zoning Map Amendment from A
(Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P (Planned
Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office building on
a vacant 10 acre project site. The project site is located in the
southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard. plans under
review.
2018 1
On October 18, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from undesignated Caltrans pr operty to Mixed-Use Corridor, Zoning Map
Amendment from A (Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P
(Planned Community), and a Planned Community Pe rmit and Development
Review Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office
building on a vacant 10 acre project site. The project is located in
the southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On October 18, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from undesignated Caltrans pr operty to Mixed-Use Corridor, Zoning Map
Amendment from A (Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P
(Planned Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office
building on a vacant 10 acre project sit e. The project is located in
the southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On October 18, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from undesignated Caltrans pr operty to Mixed-Use Corridor, Zoning Map
Amendment from A (Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans property to P
(Planned Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a 255 room hotel and 200,000 square foot office
building on a vacant 10 acre project site. The project is located in
the southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and Moffett Boulevard. •
Applicant: Broadreach Capital Partners
2019 6
On October 18, 2016, the City Council approv ed a General Plan Map
Amendment from undesignated Caltrans property to Mixed-Us e Corridor,
a Zoning Map Amendment from A (Agriculture) and undesignated Caltrans
pr operty to P (Planned Community) district, and a Planned Community
Permit and a Develo pment Review Permit for a 255-room hotel and
200,000 square foot office building on a va cant 10-acre project site.
The project is located in the southwest quadrant of Highway 101 and
Moffett Boulevard.
2019 8
On October 18, 2016, the City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from undesignated Caltrans pr operty to Mixed-Use Corridor,
a Zoning Map Amendment from A (Agriculture) district and undesignated
Caltrans property to P (Planned Community) district, and a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 255 room hotel
and 200,000 square foot office building on a vacant 10-acre project
site. The project is located in the southwest quadrant of Highway 101
and Moffett Boulevard.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
---
605 Castro St. 605castrost
2013 8
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 square foot office building
and eight residential condominiums. The construction is expected to
start in winter 2013 and be completed by early 2015.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 square foot office building
and eight residential condominiums. Demolition is expected to occur in
October 2013. The construction is expected to start in winter 2013 and
be completed by early 2015. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 12
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 square foot office building
and eight residential condominiums. Demolition is expected to occur in
October 2013. The construct ion is expected to start in winter 2013
and be completed by early 2015. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
(Stephanie Williams) PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN / EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 1
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 square foot office building
and eigh t residential condominiums. Demolition is expected to occur
in October 2013. The construction is expected to start in winter 2013
and be completed by early 2015. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
(Stephanie Williams) PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN / EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 2
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 square foot office building
and eight residential condominiums. Demolition is expected to occur in
October 2013. The construction is expected to start in winter 2013 and
be completed by early 2015. (Central Neighborhoods Planni ng Area)
(Stephanie Williams) PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN / EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 3
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 square foot office building
and eight residential condominiums. Demolition began in October 2013.
C onstruction is expected to start in spring 2014 and be completed by
late 2015. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area) (Stephanie Williams)
PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN / EVELYN
CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 4
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 square foot office building
and eight residential condominiums. Demolition began in October 2013.
Construction is expected to start in spring 2014 and be completed by
late 2015. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area) (Stephanie Williams)
PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN / EVELYN
CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 6
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 28,000 square foot office
building and eight residential condominiums on a 0.5 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Demolition began in October 2013.
Construction is expected to start in summer 2014 and be completed in
late 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Stephanie Williams PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN C ORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 8
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 28,000 square foot office
building and eight residential condominiums on a 0.5 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer of 2014
and is expected to be completed in mid-2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams PLANNING PROJECTS
OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/
Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 10
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 28,000 square foot office
building and eight residential condominiums on a 0.5 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer of 2014
and is expected to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams PLANNING PROJECTS
OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 11
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 28,000 square foot office
building and eight residential condominiums on a 0.5 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer of 2014
and is expected to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Willia ms PLANNING PROJECTS
OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2014 12
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 28,000 square foot office
building and eight residential condominiums on a 0.5 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer of 2014
and is expected to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams PLANNING PROJECTS
OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
 " 
2015 3
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer of 2014
and is expected to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: MPM
Corporation PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/
EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 4
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer of 2014
and is expected to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: MPM
Corporation
2015 5
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a sing le-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer of 2014
and is expected to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: MPM
Corporation
2015 6
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer of 2014
and is expected to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: MPM
Corporation
2015 8
 " 
2015 9
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
is expected to be completed in 2015.
2015 10
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condo minium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
is expected to be completed in 2015.
2015 11
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
is expected to be completed in 2015.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight c ondominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
is expected to be completed early 2016.
2016 3
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
is expected to be completed in 2016.
2016 4
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to re place two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
is expected to be completed in 2016.
2016 6
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
is expected to be completed in 2016.
2016 8
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a new four story, mixed use building with eight condominium units
and 28,000 square feet of commercial space and Heritage T ree Removal
Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees, to replace two office
buildings and a single-family residence on a 0.46-acre project site.
is expected to be completed in 2016.
---
580 – 620 Clyde Avenue 580620clydeavenue
2015 5
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal application, including a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The project
would replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet. Status/Next Step(s): Under review.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant:
Renault & Handley
2015 6
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal application, including a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The project
would replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet. Status/Next Step(s): Under review.
An Environmental Planning Commission (EPC) study session is sc heduled
for June 17, 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planner: Eric
Anderson Applicant: Renault & Handley
2015 8
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal appl ication, including a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The project
would replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet. Status/Next Step(s): Under review.
The Environmental Planning Commission provided project and policy
direction at a hearing on June 17, 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Renault & Handley
2015 9
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal appl ication, including a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The project
would replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet. Commission provided project and
policy direction at a hearing on June 17, 2015.
2015 10
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
g arage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal application, including a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The project
would replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet. tentatively scheduled for October
27, 2015.
2015 11
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal application, inc luding a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The project
would replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet.
2015 12
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal application, including a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The project
would replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approxima tely 75,000 square feet. for January 20, 2 016, to review
the project design.
2016 2
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,4 77 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story
parking garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant
submitted a formal application, including a request for a rezoning
from ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heri tage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The
project would replace two one-story light industrial buildings
totaling approximately 75,000 square feet.
2016 3
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal application, including a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of up to 39 Heritage trees. The project
would replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,00 0 square feet.
2016 4
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office buil ding and a three-story
parking garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant
submitted a formal application, including a request for a rezoning
from ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the re moval of up to 39 Heritage trees. The
project would replace two one-story light industrial buildings
totaling approximately 75,000 square feet. 2016. A City Council
hearing is tent atively scheduled for June 7, 2016.
2016 6
On November 17, 2014, the City Council authorized staff to study a new
178,477 square foot, 5-story office building and a three-story parking
garage on a 5.15 acre site. In April 2015, the applicant submitted a
formal application, including a request for a rezoning from ML
(Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 29 Heritage trees. The project would
replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 squa re feet. 4, 2016. A City Council hearing is
scheduled for June 7, 2016.
2016 8
On June 7, 2016, the City Council approved a new 178,477 square foot,
5-story office building and a three-story parking garage on a 5.15
acre site; the request included a rezoning from ML (Limited
Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 29 Heritage trees. The project would replace
two one-story light industrial buildings totaling approximately 75,000
square feet.
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
On June 7, 2016, the City Council approved a new 178,477 square foot,
5-story office building and a three-story parking garage on a 5.15
acre site; the request included a rezoning from ML (Limited
Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 29 Herita ge trees. The project would
replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet. review.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
On June 7, 2016, the City Council approved a new 178,477 square foot,
5-story office building and a three-story parking garage on a 5.15
acre site; the request included a rezoning from ML (Limited
Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 29 Heritage trees. The project would replace
two one-story light industrial buildings totaling approximately 75,000
square feet. review.
2018 1
On June 7, 2016 the City Council approved a new 178,477 square foot,
5-story office building and a three-story parking garage on a 5.15
acre site; the request included a rezoning from ML (Limited
Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 29 Heritage trees. The project would replace
two one-story light industrial buildings totaling approximately 75,000
square feet.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
On June 7, 2016 the City Council approved a new 178,477 square foot,
5-story office building and a three-story parking garage on a 5.15
acre site; the request included a rezoning from ML (Limited
Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 29 Herita ge trees. The project would
replace two one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet.
2018 7
On June 7, 2016 the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 178,477 square foot,
5-story office building and three-story parking garage, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 29 Heritage trees to replace
two, one-story light industrial buildings totaling approximately
75,000 square feet on a 5.15 acre project site. The project is located
on the west side of Clyde Avenue betwee n Maude Avenue and Clyde Court
in the ML (Limited Industrial) d istrict.
2018 9
On June 7, 2016 the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 178,477 square foot,
5-story office building and three-story parking garage, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 29 Heritage trees to replace
two, one-story light industrial buildings totaling approximately
75,000 square feet on a 5.15 acre project site. The project is located
on the west side of Clyde Av enue between Maude Avenue and Clyde Court
in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
On June 7, 2016 the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 178,477 square foot,
5-story office building and three-story parking garage, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permi t for the removal of 29 Heritage trees to replace
two, one-story light industrial buildings totaling approximately
75,000 square feet on a 5.15 acre project site. The project is located
on the west side of Clyde Avenue between Maude Avenue and Clyde Court
in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 4
On June 7, 2016 the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 178,477 square foot, 5-
story office building and three-story parking garage, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 29 Heritage trees to replace
two, one-story light industrial buildings totaling approximately
75,000 square feet on a 5.15 acre project site. The project is lo
cated on the west side of Clyde Avenue between Maude Avenue and Clyde
Court in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 6
On June 7, 2016, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community) di strict, a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit for a new 178,477
squa re foot, 5-story office building and three-story parking garage,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 29 Heritage
trees to replace two, one-story ligh t industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet on a 5.15 acre-project site. The
project is located on the west side of Clyde Avenue between Maude
Avenue and Cl yde Court in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 8
On June 7, 2016, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 5-story,
178,477 square foot office building and a three-story pa rking garage
to replace two, one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of 29 Heritage trees on a 5.15-acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of Clyde Avenue between Maude
Avenue and Clyde Court in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 10
On June 7, 2016, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 5-story,
178,477 square foot office building and a three-story parking gara ge
to replace two, one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of 29 Heritage trees on a 5.15-acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of Clyde Avenue between Maude
Avenue and Clyde Court in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2020 3
On June 7, 2016, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 5-story,
178,477 square foot office building and a three-story parking garage
to replace two, one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of 29 Heritage trees on a 5.15-acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of Clyde Avenue between Maude
Avenue and Clyde Court in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2020 5
On June 7, 2016, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment from
ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 5-story,
178,477 square foot office building and a three-story parking gara ge
to replace two, one-story light industrial buildings totaling
approximately 75,000 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of 29 Heritage trees on a 5.15-acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of Clyde Avenue between Maude
Avenue and Clyde Court in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
---
2500 Grant Rd. 2500grantrd
2014 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
38,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 23 heritage trees at El Camino Hospital to replace an
existing single-story, 21,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building on a
38.1 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning
Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 23 heritage trees at El Camino Hospital to r eplace
an existing single-story, 21,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building on
a 38.1 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning
Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 23 heritage trees at El Camino Hospital to replace an
e xisting single-story, 21,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building on a
38.1 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning
Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 6-7 story, 230,000
sq. ft. medical office building, a new multi-level parking structure
adjacent o the new medical office building, and an expansion to the
existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to
remove heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project
includes demolition of the following existing buildings: 21,300 sq.
ft. behavioral health building, 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital
Building, and a 90,12 sq. ft. North Addition (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital). Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 6-7 story, 230,000
sq. ft. medical office building, a new multi-level parking structure
adjacent o the new medical office building, and an expansion to the
existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to
remove heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project
includes demolition of the following existing buildings: 21,300 sq.
ft. behavioral health building, 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital
Building, and a 90,12 sq. ft. North Addition (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital). Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Grant/Sylvan
Planning Area
2015 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 230,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new multi-level parking structure
adjacent o the new medical office building, and an expansion to the
existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to
remove heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project
includes demolition of the following existing buil dings: 21,300 sq.
ft. behavioral health building, 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital
Building, and a 90,12 sq. ft. North Addition (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital). Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area:
Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: El Camino
Hospital Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2015 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 230,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new multi-level parking structure
adjacent o the new medical office building, and an expansion to the
existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to
remove heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project
includes demolition of the following existing buildings: 21,300 sq.
ft. behavioral health building, 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital
Building, and a 90,12 sq. ft. North Addition (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital). Project Website:
http://www.mountainview.gov/elcaminohospital Status/Next St ep(s):
Under Review. The City Council held a Study Session to provide
direction to staff and take public comment. Staff are continuing to
review the application and the environmental impact report has been
started. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Lindsay
Hagan Applicant: El Camino Hospital Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2015 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 260,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new multi-level parking structure
adjacent o the new medical office building, and an expansion to the
existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to
remove heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project
includes demolition of the following existing buildings: 21,300 sq.
ft. behavioral health building, 27 8,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital
Building, and a 90,12 sq. ft. North Addition (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital). Project Website:
http://www.mountainview.gov/elcaminohospital Status/Next Step (s):
Under Review. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan Applicant: El Camino Hospita l Grant/Sylvan Planning
Area
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 260,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new multi-level parking structure
adjacent o the new medical office building, and an expansion to the
existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to
remove heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital cam pus. The project
includes demolition of the following existing buildings: 21,300 sq.
ft. behavioral health building, 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital
Building, and a 90,12 sq. ft. North Addition (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital). Project Website:
http://www.mountainview.gov/elcaminohospital Status/Next Step(s):
Under Review. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner:
Lindsay Ha gan Applicant: El Camino Hospital Grant/Sylvan Planning
Area
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 260,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new multi-level parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and an expansion to the
existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to
remove heritage trees on the 40-acre hospita l campus. The project
includes demolition of the following existing buildings: 21,300 sq.
ft. behavioral health building, 278,372 sq. ft. Old M ain Hospital
Building, and a 90 12 sq. ft. North Addition (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital). Project Website:
http://www.mountainview.gov/elcaminohospital Status/Next Step(s):
Under Review. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Lind
say Hagan Applicant: El Camino Hospital Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 260,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 350-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 370-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 30 heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital
campus. The project inclu des demolition of the following existing
buildings: 21,300 sq. ft. behavioral health building, 278,372 sq. ft.
Old M ain Hospital Building, and a 9,000 sq. ft. North Addition
(adjacent to the Old Main Hospital). Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2015 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 260,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 350-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 370-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 15 heritage trees and relocate 15 heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition
of the following existing buildings: a 21,300 sq. ft. behavioral
health building, a 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospi tal Building, and a
90,000 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 198 surface parking stalls. Grant/Sylvan
Planning Area
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 260,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 350-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 370-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 15 heritage trees and relocate 15 heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demo lition
of the following existing buildings: a 21,300 sq. ft. behavioral
health building, a 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital Building, and a 9
0,000 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 198 surface parking stall s. Grant/Sylvan
Planning Area
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 260,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 350-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 370-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 15 heritage trees and relocate 15 heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition
of the following existing buildings: a 21,300 sq. ft. behavioral
health building, a 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital Building, and a 9
0,000 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 198 surface parking stalls. Grant/Sylvan
Planning Area
2016 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
56,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 265,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 390-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 430-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 45 Heritage trees and relocate 15 heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campu s. The project includes demolition
of the following existing buildings: a 21,300 sq. ft. behavioral
health building, a 260,000 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital Building, and a 9
0,000 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 220 surface parking stalls. Grant/Sylvan
Planning Area
2016 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
56,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 390-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 430-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 45 Heritage trees and relocate 15 heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition
of the following existing buildings: a 21,300 sq. ft. behavioral
health building, a 260,000 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital Building, and a 9
0,000 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 220 surface parking stalls. hearings are
anticipated in summer 2016. Grant/Sylvan Planni ng Area
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
56,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 390-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 430-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage trees and relocate 17 Heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition
of the following existing buildings: a 16,000 square feet behavioral
health building, a 260,000 sq. ft. Old M ain Hospital Building, and an
80,500 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 220 surface parking stalls. hearing is
scheduled for June 8, 2016. The City Council public hearing is
tentatively scheduled for June 22, 2016. Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2016 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
56,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 390-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 430-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage tree s and relocate 1 7 Heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition
of the following existing buildings: a 16,000 square feet behavioral
health building, a 260,000 sq. ft. Old M ain Hospital Building, and an
80,500 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 220 surface parking stalls. Building permit
plans are under review. Construction on North Drive Parking Garage
addition has begun. Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
56,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 390-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 430-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage tree s and relocate 1 7 Heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition
of the following existing buildings: a 16,000 square feet behavioral
health building, a 260,000 sq. ft. Old M ain Hospital Building, and an
80,500 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 220 surface parking stalls. Building permit
plans are under review. Construction on North Drive Parking Garage
addition has begun. Demolition of the existing and construction of the
new Behavioral Health Ser vices building has begun. Grant/Sylvan
Planning Area
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story,
56,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 sq.
ft. medical office building, a new 5-level 390-stall parking structure
adjacent to the new medical office building, and 4-level, 430-stall
addition to the existing North Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage trees and relocate 1 7 Heritage
trees on the 40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition
of the following existing buildings: a 16,000 square feet behavioral
health building, a 260,000 sq. ft. Old M ain Hospital Building, and an
80,500 sq. ft. North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 220 surface parking stalls. Building permit
plans are under review. The North Drive Parking Garage addition and
Behavioral Health Ser vices building are under construction.
Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2017 4
 " 
2018 1
On June 22, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7-story, 265,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-stall addition to the existing North
Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and reloc ate 1 7 Heritage trees on the 40-acre
hospital campus. The project includes demolition of the following
existing buildings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health building, a
260,000 square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square
foot North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main Hospital) and
removal of 220 surface parking stalls.
2018 3
On June 22, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7-story, 265,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-stall addition to the existing North
Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and relocate 1 7 Heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital
campus. The project includes demolition of the following existing
buildings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health building, a 260,000
square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square foot
North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main Hospital) and
removal of 220 surface parking stalls.
2018 5
On June 22, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7-story, 265,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-stall addition to the existing North
Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and relocate 1 7 Heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital
campus. The project includes demolition of the following existing
buildings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health building, a 260,000
square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square foot
North Addition Building (adja cent to the Old Main Hospital) and
removal of 220 surface parking stalls.
2018 7
On June 22, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7-story, 265,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-stall addition to the existing North
Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and reloc ate 1 7 Heritage trees on the 40-acre
hospital campus. The project includes demolition of the following
existing buildings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health building, a
260,000 square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square
foot North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main Hospital) and
removal of 220 surface parking stalls.
2018 9
On June 22, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-stall addition to the existing North
Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and relocate 1 7 Heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital
campus. The project includes demolition of the following existing
build ings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health building, a 260,000
square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square foot
North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main Hospital) and
removal of 220 surface parking stalls.
2018 11
 " 
---
1946 San Luis Ave. 1946sanluisave
2013 10
In September 2013, C lassic Communities applied for a 28 unit rowhouse
project on a 1.6 acre site. A final Council hearing is anticipated by
the summer of 2014. (Melinda Denis)
2013 11
In September 2013, Classic Communities applied for a 28 unit rowhouse
project on a 1.6 acre site. A final Council hearing is anticipated by
the summe r of 2014. (Peter Gilli) Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2013 12
In September 2013, Classic Communities applied for a 28 unit rowhouse
project on a 1.6 acre site. A final Council hearing is anticipated by
the summer of 2014. (Susie Pineda) Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In September 2013, Classic Communities applied for a 28 unit rowhouse
project on a 1.6 acre site. A final Counc il hearing is anticipated by
summer 2014.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a total of 25 existing units. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Gerry
Beaudin
2014 8
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properti es included a total of 25 existing units. Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 10
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a total of 25 existing units. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. A Building Permit application is under review. Planning
Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 11
 " 
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a total of 25 existing units. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Building Permit s were issued in December 2014, and
construction will begin in January 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 2
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a total of 25 existing units. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Building Permits were issued in December 2014, and
construction began in January 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 3
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a total of 25 existing units. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Building Permit s were issued in December 2014, and
construction began in January 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Classic
Communities
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a total of 25 existing units. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Under construction. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Classic Communities
2015 9
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a to tal of 25 existing units.
2015 10
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhous e project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a total of 25 existing units.
2015 11
In May, 2014 the City Council approved a request by Classic
Communities for a 28 unit rowhouse project on a 1.6 acre site. The
properties included a total of 25 existing units.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
---
660 Tyrella Avenue 660tyrellaavenue
2015 4
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
Status: Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Wh isman Planner:
Stephanie Williams Applicant: Warmington Residential
2015 5
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre proj ect site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
Status: Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Planner:
Stephanie Williams Applicant: Warmington Resid ential
2015 6
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
Status: Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisman Planner:
Stephanie Williams Applicant: Warmington Residential
2015 8
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
Status: Incomplete. Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisma
n Planner: Lisa Ring Applicant: Warmington Residential
2015 9
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2015 10
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse
pro ject and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2015 11
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2015 12
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2016 2
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 3 7 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2016 3
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 3 7 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remov e eight Heritage
trees to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
circulation. A Z oning Administrator hearing is tentatively scheduled
for April 13, 2016, to be followed by a City Council hearing.
2016 4
In March 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 3 7 unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remov e eight H eritage
tree s to replace 52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site,
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
circulation. A Z oning Administrator hearing is tentatively scheduled
for April 13, 2016, to be followed by a City Council hearing on May
24, 2016.
2016 6
In May 2016, Council approved a request for a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 37 unit rowhouse project and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees to replace
52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site, located on the
southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive.
2016 8
In May 2016, Council approved a request for a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 37 unit rowhouse project and a He
ritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees to replace
52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site, located on the
southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive. building p
ermit plans submittal.
2016 10
In May 2016, Council approved a request for a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 37 unit rowhouse project and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees to replace
52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site, locate d on the
southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive. building p
ermit plans submittal.
2017 2
In May 2016, Council approved a request for a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 37 unit rowhouse project and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees to replace
52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site, located on the
southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive. permit plans
are under review.
2017 4
In May 2016, Council approved a request for a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 37 unit rowhouse project and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees to replace
52 apartment units on a 1.84 acre project site, locate d on the
southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild Drive. permit plans
are under review.
2018 1
On May 24, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a new 37 unit rowhouse development
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees to
replace 52 apartment un its on a 1.84 acre project site. The project
is located on the southwe st corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild
Drive in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
 " 
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
On May 24, 2016, the City Council approv ed a Planned Community Permit
and a Development Review Permit for a new 37-unit rowhouse development
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage tr ees,
replacing 52 apartment units on a 1.84-acre project site. The project
is located on the sout hwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild
Drive in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On May 24, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a new 37 unit rowhouse development
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees to
replace 52 apartment un its on a 1.84-acre project site. The project
is located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and Fairchild
Drive in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2019 10
 " 
---
1958 Rock St. 1958rockst
2013 8
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental units. Building
permit submittal is expected in fall 2013 with construction in spring
2014 and completion by spring 2015. (Scott Plambaeck)
2013 9
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental units. Building
permits were submitted in August 2013, with construction in spring
2014 and completion by spring 2015. (Scott Plambaeck)
2013 10
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental units. Building
permit s were submitted in August 2013, with construction in spring
2014 and completion by spring 2015. (Scott Plambaeck)
2013 11
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental units. Building
permits were submitted in August 2013, with construction in spring
2014 and completion by spring 2015. (Scott Plambaeck)
2013 12
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental units. Building
permits were submitted in August 2013, with construction ex pected to
start in spring 2014 and completion by spring 2015. (Scott Plambaeck)
2014 1
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental units. Building
permits were submitted in August 2013, with construction expected to
start in spring 2014 and completion by spring 201 5. (Scott Plambaeck)
2014 2
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site. Building permits were submitted in August 2013, with
construction expected to start in spring 2014 and completion by spring
2015.
2014 3
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site. Building permits were submitted in August 2013, with
construction expected to start in spring 2014 and be complete by
spring 2015. (Scott Plambaeck)
2014 4
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site. Building permits were submitted in August 2013, with
construction expected to start in spring 2014 and be complete by
spring 2015.
2014 6
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Pl anned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction is
expected to start in June 2014 and completion is expected by June
2015. Planning Area: Mont a Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 8
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Develop ment to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began
is summer of 2014 and completion is expected by June 2015. Planning
Area: Mont a Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 10
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began
in summer 2014 and completion is expected by June 2015. Planning Area:
Mont a Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 11
 " 
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In June 2013, the City Council approved a request for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began
in summer 2014 and completion is expected by June 2015. Planning Area:
Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 3
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre p roject site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began
in summer 2014 and completion is expected by June 2015. Planning Area:
Mont a Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant:
Dividend Homes
2015 4
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began
in summer 2014 and completion is expected by June 2015. Planning Area:
Mont a Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant:
Dividend Homes
2015 5
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began
in summer 2014 and completion is ex pected by June 2015. Planning
Area: Mont a Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 6
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began
in summer 2014 and completion is ex pected by July 2015. Planning
Area: Mont a Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 8
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began
in summer 2014 an d completion is exp ected by September 2015.
Planning Area: Mont a Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 9
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sier ra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. completion is expected by September 2015.
2015 10
In June 2013, the Cit y Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and Nor th
Rengstorff Avenue. completion is expected by November 2015.
2015 11
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. completion is expected by November 2015.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In June 2013, the City Council app roved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. completion is expected by November 2015.
2016 3
In June 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned Unit
Development to allow 19 rowhomes, replacing 12 apartment units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 5 Heritage trees, on a
1.13-acre project site, located between Sierra Vista Avenue and North
Rengstorff Avenue. completion is expected by November 2015.
---
1951 Colony St . 1951colonyst
2013 8
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezon ing of industrial MM land to R3-2 to allow
33 rowhouses, but delayed commencement of the review until after
adoption of the 2030 General Plan in July 2012. The environmental
analysis is underway. Final Council action i s anticipated in fall
2013.
2013 9
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezon ing of industrial MM land to R3-2 to allow
33 rowhouses, but delayed commencement of the review until after
adoption of the 2030 General Plan in July 2012. Final Council action
is anticipated in late 2013.
2013 10
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a
rezon ing of industrial MM land to R3- 2 to allow 33 rowhouses. EPC
recommended approval of the project in September 2013. Final Council
action is scheduled on November 19, 2013.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In November 2013, Council approved a 33 unit rowhouse project.
Building permits are expected in December 2013. Construction is
planned to start in spring 2014 and be complete in 2015. (Stephanie
Williams)
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In November 2013, Council approved a 33 unit rowhouse project.
Building permits were submitted in December 2013. Construction is
anticipated to start in spring 2014 and be complete in 2015.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 33 unit rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permits were
submitted in December 2013. Construction is anticipated to start in
spring 2014 and be complete d in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 8
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 33 unit rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permits were
submitted in December 2013. Construction began in summer 2014 and is
anticipated to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 33 unit rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): App roved. Building permits were
submitted in December 2013. Construction began in summer 2014 and is
anticipated to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 12
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 33 unit rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permits were
submitted in December 2013. Construction began in summer 2014 and is
anticipated to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
 " 
2015 3
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 33 unit rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permits were
submitted in December 2013. Construction began in summer 2014 and is
anticipated to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: City
Ventures
2015 4
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 33 unit rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permits were
submitted in December 2013. Construction began in summer 2014 and is
anticipated to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant:
William Lyon Homes
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 33-unit rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer
2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie William s Applicant:
William Lyon Homes
2015 8
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 33-unit rowhouse
project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in summer
2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant:
William Lyon Homes
2015 9
In November 2013, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industrial to Medium Density Residential (13 to 25 units
per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from the General Industrial (MM-40)
district to the Multiple- Family Residential (R3-2) district, a
Planned Unit Development Permit for a 33 unit rowhou se project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow the removal of 11 Heritage Trees
on a 1.83 acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Sierra
Vista Avenue and Colony Street.. anticipated to be completed in 2015.
2015 10
In November 2013, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industrial to Medium Density Residential (13 to 25 units
per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from the General Industrial (MM-40)
district to the Multiple- Family Residential (R3-2) district, a
Planned Unit Development Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse project, and a
Herita ge Tree Removal Permit to allow the removal of 11 Heritage
Trees on a 1.83 acre project site, located on the southeast corner of
Sierra Vista Avenue and Colony Street.. anticipated t o be completed
in 2015.
2015 11
In November 2013, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industrial to Medium Density Residential (13 to 25 units
per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from the General Industrial (MM-40)
district to the Multiple- Family Residential (R3-2) district, a
Planned Unit Development Per mit for a 33 unit rowhouse project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow the removal of 11 Heritage Trees
on a 1.83 acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Sierra
Vista Avenue and Colony Street. anticipated to be completed in early
2016.
2015 12
In November 2013, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industrial to Medium Density Residential (13 to 25 units
per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from the General Industrial (MM-40)
district to the Multiple- Family Residential (R3-2) district, a
Planned Unit Development Permit for a 33 unit rowhous e project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow the removal of 11 Heritage Trees
on a 1.83 acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Sierra
Vista Avenue and Colony Street. anticipated to be completed in early
2016.
2016 2
In November 2013, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industrial to Medium Densi ty Residential (13 to 25 units
per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from the General Industrial (MM-40)
district to the Multiple- Family Residential (R3-2) district, a
Planned Unit Development Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow the removal of 11 Heritage Trees
on a 1.83 acre project site, located on the southeast corner of Sierra
Vista Avenue and Colony Street. anticipated to be completed i n early
2016.
2016 3
In November 2013, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industrial to Medium Density Residential (13 to 25 units
per acre), a Zoning Map Amendment from the General Industrial (MM-40)
district to the Multiple- Family Residential (R3-2) district, a
Planned Unit Development Permit for a 33 unit rowhouse project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Per mit to allow the removal of 11 heritage
Trees on a 1.83 acre project s ite, located on the southeast corner of
Sierra Vista Avenue and Colony Street. anticipated to be completed in
2016.
---
394 Ortega Avenue 394ortegaavenue
2015 8
In July 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a request for
informal review of a 5-story, 190-unit apartment building with 2
levels of underground parking to replace a single family home and
accessory structures. The 2.04-acre project site is on the southwest
corner of California S treet and Ortega Avenue in the San Antonio
Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s): Informal Review Planning Area:
San Antonio Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Anton
Development Company
2015 9
In July 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a request for
informal review of a 5-story, 190-unit apartment building with 2
levels of underground parking to replace a single family home and
accessory structures. The 2.04-acre project site is on the southwest
corner of California S treet and Ortega Avenue in the San Antonio
Precise Plan area.
2015 10
In July 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a request for
informal review of a 5-story, 190-unit apartment building with 2
levels of underground parking to replace a single family home and
accessory structures. The 2.04-acre project site is on the southwest
cor ner of California Street and Ortega Avenue in the San Antonio
Precise Plan area.
2015 11
In July 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a request for
informal review of a 5-story, 190-unit apartment building with 2
levels of underground parking to replace a single family home and
accessory structures. The 2.04-acre project site is on the southwest
corner of California S treet and Ortega Avenue in the San Antonio
Precise Plan area.
2015 12
In July 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a request for
informal review of a 5-story, 190-unit apartment building with 2
levels of underground parking to replace a single family home and
accessory structures. The 2.04-acre project site is on the s outhwest
corner of California Street and Ortega Avenue in the San Antonio
Precise Plan area.
2016 2
In December 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a formal request
for a Planned Community Permit for a 4-story, 1 44-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single
family home and accessory structures. The 1.62-acre project site is on
the southwest corner of California Street and Ortega Avenue in the San
Antonio Precise Plan area.
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
In December 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a formal request
for a Planned Community Permit for a 4-story, 1 44-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single
family home and accessory structures. The 1.62-acre project site is on
the southwest corner of California Str eet and Ortega Avenue in the
San Antonio Precise Plan area.
2016 6
In December 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a formal request
for a Planned Community Permit for a 4-story, 1 44-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single
family home and accessory structures. The 1.62-acre project site is on
the southwest corner of California Street and Ortega Avenue in the San
Antonio Precise Plan area.
2016 8
In December 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a formal request
for a Planned Community Permit for a 4-story, 1 44-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single
family home and accessory structures. The 1.62-acre project site is on
the southwest corner of California Street and Ortega Avenue in the San
Antoni o Precise Plan area. scheduled for August 24, 2016.
2016 10
In December 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a formal request
for a Planned Community Permit for a 4-story, 1 44-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single
family home and accessory structures. The 1.62-acre project site is on
the southwest corner of California Street and Ortega Avenue in the San
Antonio Precise Plan area. 2016.
2017 2
In December 2015, Anton Development Company submitted a formal request
for a Planned Community Permit for a 4-story, 1 44-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single
family home and accessory structures. The 1.62-acre project site is on
the southwest corner of California Street and Ortega Avenue in the San
Antonio Precise Plan area. 2016. Building p ermit plans are under
review.
2017 4
 " 
2018 1
On September 20, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 1 44-unit
apartment building with 2 levels of undergro und parking to replace a
single-family home and accessory structures on a 1.62-acre project
site. The project is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue
and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Pla n.
2018 3
On September 20, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single-
family home and accessory structures on a 1.62-acre project site. The
project is located on the sout hwest corner of Ortega Avenue and
California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2018 5
On September 20, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single-
family home and accessory structures on a 1.62-acre project site. The
project is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue and
California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On September 20, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single-
family home and accessory structures on a 1.62- acre project site. The
project is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue and
California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On September 20, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144- unit
apartment building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a
single-family home and accessory structures on a 1.62- acre project
site. The project is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue
and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On September 20, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144-un it
apartment building with two levels of underground parking to replace a
single-family home and accessory structures on a 1.62- acre project
site. The project is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue
and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On September 20, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144-unit apartment
building with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single-
family home and accessory structures on a 1.62- acre project site. The
p roject is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue and
California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On September 20, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144-unit apartment
bui lding with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single-
family home and accessory structures on a 1.62- acre project site. The
project is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue and
California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On September 20, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144-unit apartment
buildin g with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single-
family home and accessory structures on a 1.62- acre project site. The
project is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue and
California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2020 5
On September 20, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 144-unit apartment
buildi ng with 2 levels of underground parking to replace a single-
family home and accessory structures on a 1.62- acre project site. The
project is located on the southwest corner of Ortega Avenue and
California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
---
2392 Rock St. 2392rockst
2014 2
In March 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permit s to construct a 3-unit
small-lot single- family development on 0.38 acres. A final hearing is
anticipated in 2014.
2014 6
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The Development Review Committee
(DRC) will review the project in the summer of 2014. Subsequent to the
DRC review, the Zoning Administrator will review the project at an
administrative hearing and make a recommendation to Council. A final
City Council hearing is anticipated in late 2014. Planning Area: Monta
Loma Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 8
In Mar ch 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The Development Review C ommittee
(DRC) is tentatively set to review the project on September 9, 2014.
Subsequent to the DRC review, the Zoning Administrator will review the
project at an administrative hearing and make a recommendation to
Council. A final City Council hearing is anticipated in late 2014.
Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 10
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. On September 24, 2014 the Zoning
Administrator and Subdivision Committee held a public hearing and
approved the proejct. Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner: Elizabeth
Cramblet
2014 11
 " 
2014 12
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. On September 24, 2014 the Zoning
Administrator and Subdivision Committee held a public hearing and
approved the project. Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner: Elizabeth
Cramblet
2015 1
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Nex t Step(s): Approved. On September 24, 2014 the Zoning
Administrator and Subdivision Committee held a public hearing and
approved the project. Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner: Elizabeth
Cramblet
2015 2
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single-family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. On September 24, 2014 the Zoning
Administrator and Subdivision Committee held a public hearing and
approved the project. Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner: Elizabeth
Cramblet
2015 3
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
Applicant: Paul Ryan
2015 4
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The Building Permit pl ans are under
review. Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
Applicant: Paul Ryan
2015 5
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under
review. Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
Applicant: Paul Ryan
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
 " 
2015 9
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
review.
2015 10
 " 
2015 11
 " 
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Heritage tree removal permit associated with
a 3-unit sm all-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
2016 3
In March 2013, Paul Ryan submitted a request for a Planned Unit Dev
elopment Permit and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit associated with a
3-unit small-lot single- family development on a 0.38 acre site.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Planned Unit Dev elopment Permit and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit
for a 3-unit small-lot single-family development on a 0.38 acre
project site. The project is located at the northeast corner of Rock
Street and Independence Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
---
1255 Pear Avenue 1255pearavenue
2013 5
In January 2013, the Sobrato Organization applied for permits for a
156,900 sq. ft., five-story office building, to replace nine existing
buildings totaling 141,878 square feet, on an 11.37- acre site in the
MM district. The zoning ordinance allows final action on this
application by the Zoning Administrator, with a hearing anticipated in
July 2013.
2013 6
In January 2013, the Sobrato Organization applied for permits for a
156,900 square foot (0.35 FAR) five-story office bu ilding on an
11.37-acre site. The zoning ordinance allows final action on this
application by the Zoning Administrator, with a hearing anticipated in
summer 2013. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2013 7
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved the Sobrato
Organization’s application for a 156,900 square foot (0.35 FAR) five-
story office building on a 10 acre site.
2017 2
Request for a Planning Community Permit to allow up to 650 market rate
residential units and 234,247 square feet of new office uses, demolish
a total of 103,513 square foot of industrial-office buildings across
the site and retain the new five-story, 156,1 34 square foot office
building at the southeast corner of Pear Avenue and Inigo Way, and
one-story, 18,740 square foot industrial office building at the
southeast end of the site. The approximately 15.5-acre site extends
north of La Avenida to Space Park W ay, between Inigo Way and Armand
Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan District. formal
project review.
2017 4
Request for a Planning Community Permit to allow up to 650 market rate
residential units and 234,247 square feet of new office uses, demolish
a total of 103,513 square foot of industrial-office buildings across
the site and retain the new fiv e-story, 156,134 square foot office
building at the southeast corner of Pear Avenue and Inigo Way, and
one-story, 18,740 square foot industrial office building at the
southeast end of the site. The approximately 15.5-acre site extends
north of La Avenida t o Space Park Way, between Inigo Way and Armand
Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan District. formal
project review.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow up to
650 market rate residential units and 234,247 square feet of new
office uses, demolish a total of 103,513 square foot of industrial-
office buildings across the site and retain the new five-story,
156,134 square foot office building at the so utheast corner of Pear
Avenue and Inigo Way, and one-story, 18,740 square foot industrial
office building at the southeast end of the site. The approximately
15.5-acre site extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between
Inigo Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2018 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Devel opment Review Permit
to allow up to 635 market rate residential units and 234,247 square
feet of new office uses, demolish a total of 103,513 square foot of
industrial-office buildings across the site and retain the new five-
story, 156,134 square foot offi ce building at the southeast corner of
Pear Avenue and Inigo Way, and one-story, 18,740 square foot
industrial office building at the southeast end of the site. The
approximately 15.5-acre site extends north of La Avenida to Space Park
Way, between Inigo W ay and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to allow up to 635 market rate residential units and 234,247 square
feet of new office uses, demolish a total of 103,513 square foot of
industrial-office buildings across the site and retain the new five-
story, 156,134 square foot office building at the southeast corner of
Pear Avenue and Inigo Way, and one-story, 18,740 square foot
industrial office building at the southeast end of the site. The
approximately 15.5-acre site extends north of La Avenida to Space Park
Way, betwee n Inigo Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to allow a new mixed use development consisting of a 231,210 square
foot office building and 635 new multi-family residential units,
retaining an existing 156,317 square foot office building and
demolishing an existing 103,513 square foot industrial building at the
site, a Heritage tree removal permit to remove 84 Heritage trees, a
Tentative Map to adjust pr operty lines and merge parcels. The project
extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo Way and
Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (Nort h Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to allow a new mixed use development consisting of a 231,210 square
foot office building and 635 new multi-family residential units,
retaining an existing 156,317 square foot office building and
demolishing an existing 103,513 square foot industrial building, a
Heritage tree remo val permit to remove 84 Heritage trees, and a
Tentative Map to adjust pr operty lines and merge parcels. The project
extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo Way and
Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to allow a new mixed use development consisting of a 231,210 square
foot office building and 635 new multi-family residential units,
retaining an existing 156,317 square foot office build ing and
demolishing an existing 103,513 square foot industrial building, a
Heritage tree removal permit to remove 84 Heritage trees, and a
Tentative Map to adjust property lines and merge parcels. The project
extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo Way and
Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 11
On October 23, 2018 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new mixed use
development consisting of a 231,210 square foot office building and
635 multi-family residential units and retaining an existing 156,317
square foot office building, a Heritage tree removal permit to remove
84 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to merge parcels. The project
extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo Way and
Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Projects
Under Construction
2019 2
On October 23, 2018 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new mixed use
development consisting of a 231,210 square foot office building and
635 multi-family residential units and retaining an existing 156,317
square foot off ice building, a Heritage tree removal permit to remove
84 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to merge parcels. The project
extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo Way and
Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Projects
Under Construction
2019 4
On October 23, 2018 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new mixed use
development consisting of a 231,210 square foot office building and
635 multi-family residential units and retaining an existing 156,317
square foot office building, a Heritage tree removal permit to remove
84 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to merge parcels. The project
extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo Way and
Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On October 23, 2018 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit to allow a mixed-use
development with a 231,210 square foot office building and 635 multi-
family resident ial units and retention of an existing 156,317 square
foot office building, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 84
Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to merge parcels. The project
extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo Way and
Armand Aven ue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On October 23, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new mixed use
development consisting of a 231,210 square foot office building and
635 multi-family residential units with retention of an existing
156,317 square foot office building, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 84 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to merge parcels. The
project extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo
Way and Armand Avenue, in t he P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On October 23, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new mixed use
development consisting of a 231,210 square foot office building and
635 multi-family residential units with retention of an existing
156,317 square foot office building, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 84 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to merge parcels. The
project extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo
Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On October 23, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new mixed use
development consisting of a 231,210 square foot office building and
635 multi-family residential units with retention of an existing
156,317 square foot office building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 84 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to merge parcels. The
project extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo
Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On October 14, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a request for a one-year Permit Extension
to a previously approved Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a mixed-use development of a 231,210 square foot
office building and 635 multi-family residential units, retaining an
2022 4
On October 14, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a request for a one-year Permit Extension
to a previously approved Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a mixed-use development of a 231,210 square foot
office building and 635 multi-family residential units, retaining an
existing 156,317 square foot office b uilding, and demolishing an
existing 103,513 square foot industrial building; and a Heritage Tree
Removal P ermit to remove 84 Heritage trees and a Tentative Map. This
project extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo
Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 6
On October 14, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a request for a one-year Permit Extension
to a previously approved Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a mixed-use development of a 231,210 square foot
office building and 635 multi-family residential units, retaining an
existing 156,317 square foot office b uilding, and demolishing an
existing 103,513 square foot industrial building; and a Heritage Tree
Removal P ermit to remove 84 Heritage trees and a Tentative Map. This
project extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo
Way and Armand Aven ue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 8
On October 14, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a request for a one-year Permit Extension
to a previously approved Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a mixed-use development of a 231,210 square foot
office building and 635 multi-family residential units, retaining an
existing 156,317 square foot office building, and demolishing an
existing 103,513 square foot industrial building; and a Heritage Tree
Re moval P ermit to remove 84 Heritage trees and a Tentative Map. This
project extends north of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo
Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 10
On October 14, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a request for a one-year Permit Extension
to a previously approved Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a mixed-use development of a 231,210 square foot
office building and 635 multi-family r esidential units, retaining an
existing 156,317 square foot office building, and demolishing an
existing 103,513 square foot industrial building; and a Heritage Tree
Removal P ermit to remove 84 Heritage trees and a Tentative Map. This
project extends nort h of La Avenida to Space Park Way, between Inigo
Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 12
Request for a modification to reduce the project size and number of
residential units from a previously approved Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a mixed-use development of a 231,210
square foot office building and 635 multi-family residential units,
retaining an existing 156,317 square foot office building, and
demolishing an existing 103,513 square foot industrial building; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 84 Heritage trees and a
Tentative Map. This project extends north of La Ave nida to Space Park
Way, between Inigo Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan.
2023 2
Request for a modification to reduce the project size and number of
residential units from a previously approved Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a mixed-use development of a 231,210
square foot office building and 635 multi-family residential units,
retaining an existing 156,317 square foot office building, and
demolishing an existing 103,513 square foot industrial building; and a
Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 84 Heritage trees and a
Tentative Map. This project extends north of La Avenida to Space Park
Way, between Inigo Way and Armand Avenue, in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan.
---
East  Whisman Precise Plan eastwhismanpreciseplan
2015 8
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. A scope of work for this new
plan will be brought to the City Council in fall 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 9
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. A scope of work for this new
plan will be brought to the City Council in fall 2015.
2015 10
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to hel p
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. A scope of work for this new
plan will be brought to the City Council in 2016.
2015 11
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. A scope of work for this new
plan will be brought to the City Council in 2016.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. City Council March 2016.
2016 4
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. In March 2016 the City
Council authorized the Scope of Work for the new plan.
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. In March 2016 the City
Council authorized the Scope of Work for the new plan. Concluding the
July 16, 2016 Community Workshop, staff shared outcomes of the
workshop with the EPC and City Council at Study Sessions in August and
September of 2016. scheduled for December 3, 2016.
2017 2
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. In March 2016 the City
Council authorized the scope of work for the new plan. Concluding the
July 16, 2016 community w orkshop, staff shared outcomes of the
workshop with the EPC and City Council at Study Sessions in August and
September of 2016. A second community workshop was held in December
2016, followed by Study Sessions with the EPC and City Council in
February 2017, to endorse a preferred land use alternative. Staff will
use the preferred alternative to begin work on the Environmen tal
Impact Report. and City Council in 2017.
2017 4
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. In March 2016 the City
Council authorized the scope of work for the new plan. Concluding the
July 16, 2016 community w orkshop, staff shared outcomes of the
workshop with the EPC and City Council at Study Sessions in August and
September of 2016. A second community workshop was held in December
2016, followed by Study Sessions with the EPC and City Council in
February 2017, to endorse a preferred land use alternative. Staff will
use the preferred alternative to begin work on the Environmental
Impact Repor t. and City Council in 2017.
2017 6
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. In March 2016 the City
Council authorized the scope of work for the new plan. Concluding the
July 16, 2016 community w orkshop, staff shared outcomes of the
workshop with the EPC and City Council at Study Sessions in August and
September of 2016. A second community workshop was held in December
2016, followed by Study Sessions with the EPC and City Council in
February 2017, to endorse a preferred land use alternative. Staff will
use the preferred alternative to begin work on the Environmental
Impact Report. and City Council in June 2017 to discuss policy
development and circulation.
2018 1
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also inc lude new open space and circulation
plans for the area. materials and conducting environmental analysis.
EPC and City Council study sessions are tentatively scheduled for
February 2018.
2018 3
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also inc lude new open space and circulation
plans for the area. materials and conducting environmental analysis.
EPC and City Council study sessions are tentatively scheduled for May
2018.
2018 5
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also in clude new open space and circulation
plans for the area. materials and conducting environmental analysis.
The Environmental Planning Commission ( EPC) and City Council study
sessions are tentatively scheduled for May 16, 2018 and June 5, 2018.
2018 7
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will als o include new open space and circulation
plans for the area. materials and conducting environmental analysis.
2018 9
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also include new open space a nd circulation
plans for the area. conducting environmental analysis. Study Sessions
are tentatively scheduled for October 2018.
2018 11
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also include new open space and circulation plans
for the area. conducting environmental analysis. A public draft of the
Precise Plan is expected to be released in late 2018.
2019 2
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also include new open space and circulation plans
for the area. conducting environmental analysis. A public draft of the
Precise Plan is expected to be released in early 2019. The Public
Draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR) is expected in Ma rch 2019.
2019 4
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed- use
development. It will also include new open space and circulation plans
for the area. conducting environmental analysis. A public draft of the
Precise Plan is expected to be released in April 2019. The Public
Draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR) is expected in June 2019.
Study sessions are tentatively scheduled as follows:
2019 6
On June 23, 2015, the City Counc il accepted a VTA grant to develop a
new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy, st
andards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also include new open space and circulation plans
for the area. draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR) was released in
early June, with the public comment period ending on July 22, 2019. Th
e Environmental Planning Commission (EPC) and Council Study Sessions
are scheduled for late June.
2019 8
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to help
develop a new East Whisman Precise Plan. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also include new open sp ace and circulation
plans for the area. draft Environme ntal Impact Report (EIR) was
released in early June. The Environmental Planning Commission (EPC)
and Council Public Meetings to adopt the plan are tentatively
scheduled for October and November 2019.
2019 10
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted a VTA grant to develop a
new Precise Plan in East Whisman. The Plan will include policy,
standards, and guidelines for new residential, office, and mixed-use
development. It will also include new open spac e and circulation
plans for the area. A public draft Precise Plan was released in April
2019 and a Draft Environmental Impact Report (EIR) was released in
June 2019. Public Hearings to consider adopt ion of the Precise P lan
are tentatively scheduled for October 2, 2019 and November 5, 2019,
respectively.
---
881 Castro Street 881castrostreet
2015 6
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 9,400 sq. ft. of ground-
floor commercial space and 14 condominium units with three levels of
underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge three lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings on a 0.29-acre project site. The project site is located on
the northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. Status & Next Step s: Under Review. Planning
Area: Downtown Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Castro GPRV
10, LLC PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN
CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 8
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 9,400 sq. ft. of ground-
floor commercial space and 14 condominium units with three levels of
underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge three lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings on a 0.29-acre project site. The project site is located on
the northeast c orner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. Status & Next Steps: Under Review. Planning
Area: Downtown Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Castro GPRV
10, LLC PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN
CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 9
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 9,400 sq. ft. of ground-
floor commercial space and 14 condominium units with three levels of
undergroun d parking and a Tentative Map to merge three lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings on a 0.29-acre project site. The project site is located on
the northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 10
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use bu ilding with 9,400 sq. ft. of ground-
floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels of
underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a multi-unit apartment building on a 0.41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 11
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 9,400 sq. ft. of ground-
floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels of
underground parking and a Tenta tive Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 12
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 9,200 sq. ft. of ground-
floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels of
underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Ho pe Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2016 2
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixe d-use building with 9, 200 sq. ft. of
ground-floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels
of underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2016 3
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 9, 200 sq. ft. of ground-
floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels of
underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment b uilding on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2016 4
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 9, 200 sq. ft. of ground-
floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels of
underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to rep lace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2016 6
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 8,500 square feet of
ground-floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels
of underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the north east corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. scheduled for June 14, 2016. PLANNING
PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2016 8
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 8,500 square feet of
ground-floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels
of underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the no rtheast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2016 10
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 8,500 square feet of
ground-floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels
of underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2017 2
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 8,500 square feet of
ground-floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels
of underground parking and a Tentative Map to merg e four lots into
one lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through t o Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2017 4
Request for a Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to
construct a 4-story, mixed-use building with 8,500 square feet of
ground-floor commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels
of underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment buildi ng on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project site is located on the northeast corner of Castro
Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2017 6
Provisional Use Permit and Planned Community Permit to construct a
4-story, mixed-use building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor
commercial space and 18 condominium units with two levels of
underground parking and a Tentative Map to merge four lots into one
lot with condominium lots to replace three existing commercial
buildings and a four-unit apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project
site. The project is located on the northeast corner of Castro Street
and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/
EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2018 1
On June 14, 2016 the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
and Planned Community Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor commercial space and
18 condominium units with two levels of underground parking and a
Tentative Map to merge four lots into one lot with condominium lots to
replace three existing commercial buildings and a four-unit apartment
building on a 0.41-acre project site. The project is located on the
northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 3
On June 14, 2016 the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
and Planned Community Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor commercial space and
18 condominium units with two levels of underground parking and a
Tentative Map to merge four lots in to one lot with condominium lots
to replace three existing commercial buildings and a four-unit
apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project site. The project is
located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue
through to Hope Street in th e P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. one-year
extension to the entitlements.
2018 5
On June 14, 2016 the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
and Planned Community Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor commercial space and
18 condominium units with two levels of underground parking and a
Tentative Map to merge four lots in to one lot with condominium lots
to replace three existing commercial buildings and a four-unit
apartment building on a 0. 41-acre project site. The project is
located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue
through to Hope Street in th e P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 7
On June 14, 2016 the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
and Planned Community Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor commercial space and
18 condominium units with two levels of underground parking and a
Tentative Map to merge four lots into one lot with condominium lots to
replace three existing commercial buildings and a four-unit apartment
building on a 0. 41-acre project site. The project is located on the
northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 9
On June 14, 2016 the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
and Planned Community Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor comme rcial space and
18 condominium units with two levels of underground parking and a
Tentative Map to merge four lots into one lot with condominium lots to
replace three existing commercial buildings and a four-unit apartment
building on a 0.41- acre project s ite. The project is located on the
northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 11
On June 14, 2016 the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
and Planned Community Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor commercial space and
18 condo minium units with two levels of underground parking and a
Tentative Map to merge four lots into one lot with condominium lots to
replace three existing commercial buildings and a four-unit apartment
building on a 0.41- acre project site. The project is loca ted on the
northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 2
On June 14, 2016 the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
and Planned Community Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor commercial space and
18 condominium units with two levels of underground parking and a
Tentative Map to merge four lots into one lot with condominium lots to
replace three existing commercial buildings and a four-unit apartment
building on a 0.41- acre project site. The project is located on the
northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue through to Hope
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 4
On June 14, 2016 the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
and Planned Community Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 8,500 square feet of ground-floor commercial space and
18 condominium units with two levels of underground parking and a
Tentative Map to merge four lots into one lot with condominiu m lots
to replace three existing commercial buildings and a four-unit
apartment building on a 0.41- acre project site. The project is
located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue
through to Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 3
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow an upper floor
residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit for a four-story, mixed-use building with 20 condominium units
and 4 townhomes, 6,3 00 square feet of ground-floor commercial space,
and two level s of underground parking to replace three existing
single-story commercial buildings and a 4-unit residential apartment
complex on a 0.4-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 24
condominium lots and one common lot. The project site is located on
the northwest corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow an upper floor
residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit for a four-story, mixed-use building with 20 condominium units
and 4 townhomes, 6,3 00 square feet of ground-floor commercial space,
and two level s of underground parking to replace three existing
single-story commercial buildi ngs and a 4-unit residential apartment
complex on a 0.4-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 24
condominium lots and one common lot. The project site is located on
the northwest corner of Castro Street and Fairmont Avenue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
333 N . Rengstorff Ave . 333nrengstorffave
2013 8
In October 2006, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Mounir
Kardosh to property to allow for a 64-unit condominium project on 1.7
acres. In February 2013, the applicant withdrew the Gatekeeper request
and submitted an informal application for a 29-unit rowhouse project.
A formal application is anticipated in summer 2013.
2013 9
In October 2006, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Mounir
Kardosh to property to allow for a 64-unit condominium project on 1.7
acres. In February 2013, the applicant withdrew the Gatekeeper request
and submitted an informal application for a 29-unit rowhouse project.
Final Council action is anticipated in 2014.
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In October 2006, Council authorized a Gate keeper request by Mounir
Kardosh to property to allow for a 64-unit condominium project on 1.7
acres. In February 2013, the applicant withdrew the Gatekeeper request
and submitted an informal application for a 29-unit rowhouse project.
Final Council action is anticipated in 2014.
2014 3
In October 2006, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Mounir
Kardosh to property to allow for a 64-unit condominium project on 1.7
acres. In February 2013, the applicant withdrew the Gatekeeper request
and submitted a formal application in February 2014 for a 29- unit
rowhouse project. Final Council action is anticipated in 2015.
2014 4
In October 2006, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Mounir
Kardosh to property to allow for a 64-unit condominium project on 1.7
acres. In February 2013, the applicant withdrew the Gatekeeper request
and submitted a formal application in February 2014 for a 29-unit
rowhouse project. Final Council action is anticipated in 2015.
2014 6
In Februar y 201 4, Moshe Dinar submitted a formal application in
February 2014 to construct a 29-unit rowhouse project and a request to
remov e 37 Heritage trees on a 1.72 acre project site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. This project will be heard by the Development
Review Committee (DRC) on June 11, 2014. Subsequent to the DRC review,
the project will be heard by the Zoning Administrator at an
administrative hearing, where a recommendation will be made to the
City Council. A final City Council action is anticipated in 2015.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Margaret Netto
or Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 8
In Februar y 201 4, Moshe Dinar submitted a formal application in
February 2014 to construct a 29-unit rowhouse project and a request to
remov e 37 Heritage trees on a 1.72 acre project site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. The project will be heard by the Zoning
Administrator later in 2014 at an administrati ve hearing, where a
recommendation will be made to the City Council. A final City Council
action is anticipated in 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 10
In Februar y 201 4, Moshe Dinar submitted a formal application in
February 2014 to construct a 29-unit rowhouse project and a request to
remov e 37 Heritage trees on a 1.72 acre project site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. The project will be heard by the Zoning
Administrator later in 2014 at an administrative hearing, where a
recommendation will be made to the City Council. A final City Council
action is anticipated in 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 11
In Februar y 201 4, Moshe Dinar submitted a formal application in
February 2014 to construct a 29-unit rowhouse project and a request to
remov e 37 Heritage trees on a 1.72 acre project site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. The project is tentatively scheduled for an
Administrative Zoning and Subdivision Committee hearing on Dece mber
10, 2014. At that time, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee will make a recommendation to the City Council. A final City
Council action is anticipated in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 12
In Februar y 201 4, Moshe Dinar submitted a formal application in
February 2014 to construct a 29-unit rowhouse project and a request to
remov e 37 Heritage trees on a 1.72 acre project site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. The project is tentatively scheduled for an
Administrative Zoning and Subdivision Committee hearing on December
10, 2014. At that time, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee will make a recommendation to the City Council. A final City
Council action is anticipated in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project P lanner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2015 1
In Februar y 201 4, Moshe Dinar submitted a formal application in
February 2014 to construct a 29-unit rowhouse project and a request to
remov e 37 Heritage trees on a 1.72 acre project site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. The project is tentatively scheduled for an
Administrative Zoning and Subdivision Committee hearing on December
10, 2014. At that time, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee will make a recommendation to the City Council. A final City
Council action is anticipated in 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Roc k Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2015 3
In Februar y 201 4, Moshe Dinar submitted a formal application in
February 2014 to construct a 29-unit rowhouse project and a request to
remov e 37 Heritage trees on a 1.72 acre project site. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. The project was reviewed by the Zoning
Administrator and the Subdivision Committee at a hearing on December
10, 2014. The Zoning Administ rator and Subdivision Committee made
positive recommendations to Council. The City Council approved the
project on March 3, 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet Applicant: Moshe Dinar, Architect;
Mounir Kardosh, Owner
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
In March 2015 the City Council approved a request by Dinar &
Associates for a 29 unit rowhouse project on a 1.72 acre site. In July
2015 the property was sold and the new owners have stated their
intention of rehabilitating the existing apartment complex and site
improvements. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet Applicant: Moshe
Dinar, Architect; Mounir Kardosh, Owner
2015 9
In March 2015 the City Council approved a request by Dinar &
Associates for a 29 unit rowhouse project on a 1.72 acre site. In July
2015 the property was sold and the new owners have stated their
intention of rehabilitating the existing apartment complex and site
improvements.
2015 10
In March 2015 the City Council approved a request by Dinar &
Associates for a 29 unit rowhouse project on a 1.72 acre site. In July
2015 the property was sold and the new owners have stated their
intention of rehabilitating the existing apartment comple x and site
improvements. to rehabilitate apartment complex instead of continuing
with approved project.
2015 11
In March 2015 the City Council approved a request by Dinar &
Associates for a 29 unit rowhouse project on a 1.72 acre site. In July
2015 the property was sold and the new owners have stated their
intention of rehabilitating the existing apartment complex and site
improvements. to rehabilitate apartment complex instead of continuing
with approved project.
2015 12
In March 2015 the City Council approved a request by Dinar &
Associates for a 29 unit rowhouse project on a 1.72 acre site. In July
2015 the property was sold and the new owners have stated their
intention of rehabilitating the existing apartment complex and site
improvements. to rehabilitate apartm ent complex instead of continuing
with approved project.
2016 2
In March 2015 the City Council approved a request by Dinar &
Associates for a 29 unit rowhouse project on a 1.72 acre site. In July
2015 the property was sold and the new owners have stated their inten
tion of rehabilitating the existing apartment complex and site
improvements. to rehabilitate apartment complex instead of continuing
with approved project.
---
1625 Plymouth Street 1625plymouthstreet
2014 10
Request for an informal review of a new six story, 224,508 square foot
office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council
authorized a gatekeeper to allow the project to be reviewed informally
prior to the adoption of the North Bayshore Precise Plan. The
applicant submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee
(DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 11
Request for an informal review of a new six story, 224,508 square foot
office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta A venue. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council
authorized a gatekeeper to allow the project to be reviewed informally
prior to the adoption of the North Bayshore Precise Plan. The
applicant submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee
(DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 12
Request for an informal review of a new six story, 224,508 square foot
office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta Avenue. Statu s/Next Step(s): Under review. Council
authorized a gatekeeper to allow the project to be reviewed informally
prior to the adoption of the North Bayshore Precise Plan. The
applicant submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee
(DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 1
Request for an informal review of a new six story, 224,508 square foot
office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta Avenue. Status/Next Ste p(s): Under review. Council
authorized a gatekeeper to allow the project to be reviewed informally
prior to the adoption of the North Bayshore Precise Plan. The
applicant submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee
(DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 3
Request for an informal review of a new six story, 224,508 square foot
office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Unde r review. Council
authorized a g atekeeper to allow the project to be reviewed
informally prior to the adoption of the North Bayshore Precise Plan.
The applicant submitted plans for informal Development Review
Committee (DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: North Bayshore
Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: Broadreach Capital
Partners
2015 4
Request for an informal review of a new six story, 224,508 square foot
office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Bo ulevard and Alta Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Unde r review.
Council authorized a g atekeeper to allow the project to be reviewed
informally prior to the adoption of the North Bayshore Precise Plan.
The applicant submitted plans for informal Development Rev iew
Committee (DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: North Bayshore
Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: Broadreach Capital
Partners
2015 5
Request for an informal review of a new six story, 224,508 square foot
office building and parking structure on a vaca nt 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Unde r review. Council
authorized a g atekeeper to allow the project to be reviewed
informally prior to the adoption of the North Bayshore Precise Plan.
The applicant submitted plans for informal Development Review
Committee (DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: North Bayshore
Project Pl anner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: Broadreach Capital
Partners
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,508
square foot office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15
acre lot, located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Unde r
review. Council authorized a g atekeeper to allow the project to be
reviewed informally prior to the adoption of the North Bayshore
Precise Plan. The applicant submitted plans for informal Development
Review Committee (DRC) review and comment. Planning Area: North
Bayshore Project Plan ner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: Broadreach
Capital Partners
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15
acre lot, located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue. Statu s/Next Step(s): Unde r
review. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: Broadreach Capital Partners
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15
acre lot, located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue.
2015 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15
acre lot, located on the south side of Plymouth Street betw een North
Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue.
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15
acre lot, located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
Request for a Planned Community P ermit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15
acre lot, located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue.
2016 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15
acre lot, located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and a 4.5 tier parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit for the removal of 15 Heritage trees and
the re-location of five Heritage trees on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta Avenue.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and a 4.5 tier parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit for the removal of 15 Heritage trees and
the re-location of five Heritage trees on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta Avenue. permit plans are under review.
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5
square foot office building and a 4.5 tier parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit for the removal of 15 Heritage trees and
the re-location of five Heritage trees on a vacant 5.15 acre lot,
located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Alta Avenue. construction.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new six
story, 224,50 5 square foot office building and a 4.5 tier parking
structure and a Heritage Tree Removal permit for the removal of 15
Heritage trees and the re-location of five Heritage trees on a vacant
5.15 acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
Plymouth Street between North Sh oreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue.
construction.
2018 1
On June 21, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a new six story, 224,50 5 square
foot office building and a 4.5 tier parking structure and a Heritage
Tree Removal permit for the removal of 15 Heritage trees and the re-
location of five Heritage trees on a vacant 5.15 acre project site.
The project is located on the south side of Plymouth Street between
North Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
---
1625 North Shoreline Boulevard  1625northshorelineboulevard
2015 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story, 200
room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the east side of North Shorelin e Boulevard on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story, 200
room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the east side of North Shoreline Boulevard on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2015 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story,
200-room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the southeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard
and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
scheduled for January 6, 2016, to review the project design.
2016 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story,
200-room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.39 acre site. The
site is located on the southeast corner of No rth Shoreline Boulevard
and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2016 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story,
200-room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.3 9 acre site. The
site is located on the southeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard
and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove four Heritage trees on a 1.3 9
acre site. The site is located on the southeast corner of North
Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North Bayshore 201
4) Precise Plan.
2016 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove four Heritage trees on a 1.3 9
acre site. The site is located on the southeast corner of North
Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North Bayshore
2014) Precise Plan.
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 1.3 9
acre site. The site is located on the southeast corner of North
Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North Bayshore 20
14) Precise Plan. Administrator at a public hearing on September 28,
2016, and by the City Council at a public hearing on November 1, 2016.
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 1.3 9
acre site. The site is located on the southeast corner of North
Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North Bayshore
2014) Precise Plan. Building permit plans are currently under review.
2017 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 1.3 9
acre site. The site is located on the southeast corner of North
Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North Bayshore
2014) Precise Plan. Building permit plans are c urrently under review.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish an
existing 12,100 square foot commercial building and construct a five-
story, 104,750 square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking
structure and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 1.3 9 acre project site. The project is located on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (Nort h Bayshore) Precise Plan. Building permit plans are
under review.
2018 1
On November 1, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five- level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 1.3 9
acre project site. The project is located on the southeast corner of
North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On November 1, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 1.39
acre project site. The project is located on the southeast corner of
North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
On November 1, 2016, the City Council ap proved a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building to construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a
1.39-acre project site. The project is located on the southeast corner
of North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On November 1, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a
1.39-acre project site. The project is located on the southeast corner
of North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
On November 1, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish an existing 12,100
square foot commercial building and construct a five-story, 104,750
square foot, 200-room hotel and a five-level parking structure and a
Heri tage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 1.3
9-acre project site. The project is located on the southeast corner of
North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2020 5
 " 
---
1001 N . Shoreline Blv d. 1001nshorelineblvd
2013 8
In November 2012, Calvano Development applied for permits to construct
a 29,070 square foot (0.35 FAR), three-story office building. Staff is
awaiting revised plans from the applicant.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
In November 2012, Calvano Development applied for permits to construct
a 29,070 square foot (0.35 FAR), three-story office building. The
project is inactive. (Lindsay Hagan)
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In November 2012, Calvano Development applied for permits to construct
a 29,070 square foot (0.35 FAR), three-story office building. The
project has been inactive since March 2013.
2014 8
Request for a Development Review Permit for the constructio n of a
4-story, 111,600 square foot office building with a surface parking
lot and a lot merger to combine 8 lots into one parcel on a 7.32-acre
site, located on the northeast corner of N. Shoreline Boulevard and
Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General
Industrial) districts. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning
Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 10
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,600 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; and a lot merger to combine 8 lots
into one parcel on a 7.32-acre site, located on the northeast corner
of N. Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan
2014 11
Request for a Development Review Permit fo r the construction of a
4-story, 118,900 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; and a lot merger to combine 10 lots
into one parcel on a 7. 7-acre site, located on the northeast corner
of N. Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan
2014 12
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; and a lot merger to combine 10 lots
into one parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner
of N. Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan
2015 1
 " 
2015 3
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 32 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 10 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Calvano Development Inc.
2015 4
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 32 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 10 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. Status/Next
Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/W hisman Project
Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Calvano Development Inc.
2015 5
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 10 lots into
one parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildin gs. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Calvano /CPR
Mountain View Venture, LLC
2015 6
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 10 lots into
one parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Ind
ustrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildings. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Calvano /CPR
Mountain View Venture, LLC
2015 8
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildin gs. Status/Next Step(s): A joint Administrative Zoning and
Subdivision Committee public hearing is anticipated in August 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
Applicant: Calvano /CPR Mountain View Venture, LLC
2015 9
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Ind
ustrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildings. Committee public hearing is scheduled for September 9,
2015.
2015 10
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML ( Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildings.
2015 11
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildin gs. Demolition anticipa ted to begin in late November/ early
December 2015.
2015 12
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildin gs. Demolition completed in December 2015.
2016 2
Request for a D evelopment Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
pa rcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and indus trial
buildings. Demolition completed in December 2015.
2016 3
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildings. Demolition completed in December 2015.
2016 4
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing com mercial and industrial
buildings.
2016 6
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project wou ld
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildings. On April 27, 2016, the Zoning Adminis trator approved
removal of six H eritage trees due to utility undergrounding and an
existing major AT&T conduit.
2016 8
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Av enue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and industrial
buildings. On April 27, 2016, the Zoning Adminis trator approved
removal of six H eritage trees due to utility undergrounding and an
existing major AT&T conduit.
2016 10
Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a
4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity
space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remov e 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to combine 9 lots into one
parcel on a 7. 3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N.
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The project would
result in the demolition of nine existing comme rcial and industrial
buildings. On April 27, 2016, the Zoning Adminis trator approved
removal of six H eritage trees due to utility undergrounding and an
existing major AT&T conduit.
---
South Whisman Project  southwhismanproject
2013 5
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper to study revisions to
the Precise Plan. The proposed revisions will be submitted in
conjunction with the master plan submittal. A Council study session is
scheduled for June 2013 to discuss the owner’s concerns with the
circulation network. (Stephanie Williams)
2013 6
In March 2009, Council approved the Sout h Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper to study minor ch anges
to the Master Plan requirements in the Precise Plan starting in July
2013.
2013 7
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper to study minor changes
to the Master Plan requirements in t he Precise Plan starting in July
2013. An application for a Master Plan is expected in July 2013.
(Stephanie Williams)
2013 8
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper to stud y minor changes
to the Master Plan requirements in t he Precise Plan starting in July
2013. An application for a Master Plan is expected shortly. (Stephanie
Williams)
2013 9
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
August 2013, Pulte Homes submitted a master plan for up to 652 units
on about 28 acres. Final Council action is expected in late 2014.
(Stephanie Williams)
2013 10
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
August 2013, Pulte Homes s ubmitted a master plan for up to 652 units
on about 28 acres. Final Council action is expected in late 2014.
(Stephanie Williams)
2013 11
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parce ls with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
August 2013, Pulte Homes submitted a master plan for up to 652 units
on about 28 acres. Final Council action is expected in late 2014.
(Stephanie Williams) San Antonio Planning Area
2013 12
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
August 2013, Pulte Homes s ubmitted a master plan for up to 652 units
on about 28 acres. Final Council action on a master plan could be
prior to summer 2014. (Stephanie Williams) San Antonio Planning Area
2014 1
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
August 2013, Pulte Homes submitted a preliminary master plan for up to
652 units on about 28 acres. (Stephanie Williams) San Antonio Planning
Area 66. Senior Assisted Living (574 Escuela Ave.) In January 2013,
Council approved a 44 bed assisted living project. The project is
inactive. (Margaret Netto)
2014 2
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Station. In
August 2013, Pulte Homes submitted a preliminary master plan for up to
652 units on about 28 acres. (Stephanie Williams) San Antonio Planning
Area
2014 3
 " 
2014 4
In March 2009, Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to
create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five
separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman Stat ion. In
March 2014, Pulte Homes and Kalcic submitted a master plan and PC
permits for up to 652 units on about 28 acres. (Melinda Denis) San
Antonio Planning Area
2014 6
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman
Station. Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and
PC permits for 584 units on about 28 acres, c onsisting of 391
residential apartments and 193 rowhouse units. Status/Next Steps:
Under review. The applicant is currently revising the plans to address
staff comments. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Melinda Denis San Antonio Plan ning Area
2014 8
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise P
lan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five separate parcels with three different owners near Whisman
Station. Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and
PC permits for 584 units on about 28 acres, consisting of 391
residential apartments and 193 rowhouse units. Status/Next Steps:
Under review. The applicant is currently revising the plans to address
staff comments. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Melinda Denis San Antonio Planning Area
2014 10
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five s eparate parcels with three different owners near Whisman
Station. Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and
PC permits for 584 units on about 28 acres, consisting of 400
residential apartments and 193 rowhouse units. Status/Next Steps:
Under review. A City Council study session is tentatively scheduled
for October 21, 2014 to allow the Council and public to comment on the
project. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Melinda Denis
San Antonio Planning Area
2014 11
In March 2009, the City Council approved the So uth Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five separate parcels w ith different owners near Whisman Station.
Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and PC permits
for 5 93 units on a 3.0-acre public park on about 28 acres, consisting
of 400 residential apartments and 193 rowhouse units. Status/Next
Steps: Under review. A City Council study session was held on Octo ber
21, 2014 to allow the Council and public to comment on the project.
The applicants are revising the plans to address Council ’s comments.
Planning A rea: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Melinda Denis San
Antonio Planning Area
2014 12
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five separate parcels with different owners near Whisman Station.
Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and PC permits
for 5 93 units on a 3.0-acre public park on about 28 acres, consisting
of 400 residential apartments and 193 rowhou se units. Status/Next
Steps: Under review. A City Council study session was held on Octo ber
21, 2014 to allow the Council and public to comment on the project.
The applicants are revising the plans to address Council’s comments.
Planning Area: Moffet t/Whisman Project Planner: Melinda Denis San
Antonio Planning Area
2015 1
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of la nd on
five separate parcels with different owners near Whisman Station.
Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and PC permits
for 5 93 units on a 3.0-acre public park on about 28 acres, consisting
of 400 residential apartments and 193 rowhouse units. Status/Next
Steps: Under review. A City Council study session was held on Octo ber
21, 2014 to allow the Council and public to comment on the project.
The applicants are revising the plans to address Council’s comments.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Melinda Denis San
Antonio Planning Area
2015 3
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five separate parcels with different owners near Whisman Station.
Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and PC permits
for 5 93 units on approximately 28 acres, consisting of 400
residential apartments, 193 rowhouse units and a 3.0 acre public park.
Status/Next Steps: Under review. A City Council study session was held
on Octo ber 21, 2014 to allow the Council and public to comment on the
project. The applicants are revising the plans to address Council’s
comments. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Melinda
Denis Applicant: Pulte Homes & EFL Development San Antonio Planning
Area
2015 4
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five separate parcels with different owners near Whisman Station.
Pulte Homes and EFL Developme nt submitted a master plan and PC
permits for 5 93 units on approximately 28 acres, consisting of 400
residential apartments, 193 rowhouse units and a 3.0 acre public park.
Status/Next Steps: Under review. A City Council study session was held
on Octo ber 21, 2014 to allow the Council and public to comment on the
project. The applicants are revising the plans to address Council’s
comments. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Melinda
Denis Applicant: Pulte Homes & EFL Development San Antonio Planning
Area
2015 5
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five separate parcels with different owners near Whisman Station.
Pulte Homes and EFL Developme nt submitted a master plan and PC
permits for 5 93 units on approximately 28 acres, consisting of 394
residential apartments, 199 rowhouse units and a 2.9 acre public park.
Status/Next Steps: Under review. An Administrative Zoning hearing is
scheduled for May 27, 2015. A City Council hearing is tentatively
scheduled for June 16, 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Melinda Denis Applicant: Pulte Homes & EFL Development San
Antonio Planning Area
2015 6
In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise
Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on
five separate parcels with different owners near Whisman Station.
Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and PC permits
for 5 92 units on approximately 28 acres, consisting of 394
residential apartments, 198 rowhouse units and a 2.76 acre public
park. Status/Next Steps: Under review. An Administrative Zoning
hearing is scheduled for May 27, 2015. A City Council hearing is
scheduled for June 16, 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Melinda Denis Applicant: Pulte Homes & EFL Development San
Antonio Planning Area
2015 8
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Master Plan to create a new
residential neighbo rhood on 38 acres of land on fiv e separate
parcels and Planned Community Permits for 592 units on approximately
28 acres, consisting of 394 res idential apartments, 198 rowhouse
units and a 2.76 acre public park. Status/Next Steps: Approved.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Melinda Denis
Applicant: Pulte Homes & EFL Development San Antonio Planning Area
2015 9
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Master Plan to create a new
residential neighbo rhood on 38 acres of land on fiv e separate
parcels and Planned Community Permits for 592 units on approximately
28 acres, consisting of 394 residential apartments, 198 rowhouse units
and a 2.76 acre public park. San Antonio Planning Area
---
647 Sierra Vista Ave 647sierravistaave
2015 1
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 30 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA (Commerical/Residential-Arterial) District,
and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) Di strict. Status/Next
Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 2
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 30 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA (Commerical/Residential-Arterial) District,
and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District. Status/Next
Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 3
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 30 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA (Commerical/Residential-Arterial) District,
and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District. Status/Next
Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Classic Communities
2015 4
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 30 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA (Commerical/Residential-Arterial) District,
and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District. Status/ Next
Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Classic Communities
2015 5
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 30 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA (Commerical/Residential-Arterial) District,
and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple F amily) District. Status/Next
Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Classic Communities
2015 6
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 30 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA (Commerical/Residential-Arterial) District,
and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District. Status/Next
Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Classic Communities
2015 8
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 29 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA ( Commercial /Residential-Arterial)
District, and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District.
Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Classic
Communities
2015 9
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 29 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA ( Commercial /Residential-Arterial)
District, and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District.
2015 10
In December 2014, Classic Communities submitted a formal application
for a 29 rowhomes project on a 1.6 acre site. The site is split-zoned,
with a portion in the CRA ( Commercial /Residential-Arterial)
District, and a portion in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District.
2015.
2015 11
On October 20, 2015 the City Council approved a 29-rowhome project on
a 1.6 acre site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
On October 20, 2015 the City Council approved a 29-rowhome p roject on
a 1.6 acre site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District.
2016 3
On October 20, 2015 the City Council approved a 29-rowhome project on
a 1.6 acre site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) District.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
On October 20, 2015 the City Council approved a 29-rowhome project on
a 1.6 acre site i n the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family) d istrict.
2017 6
 " 
2018 1
On October 20, 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
29-unit rowhouse project to replace 15 existing residential units and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The
project is located on the east side of Sierra Vista Avenue, north of
Middlefield Road, in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On October 20, 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
29-unit rowhouse project to replace 15 existing residential units and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The
project is located on the east side of Sierr a Vista Avenue, north of
Middlefield Road, in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
---
500 Ferguson Drive  500fergusondrive
2015 10
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
394 residential apartments and 3,000 square feet of commercial space,
in two four-story buildings over an und erground parking garage. The
project site is located in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is part
of the South Whisman Master Plan. San Antonio Planning Area
2015 11
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
394 residential apartments and 3,000 square feet of commercial space,
in two four-story buildings over an underground parking garage. The
project site is located in the South Whisman P recise Plan and is part
of the South Whisman Master Plan. San Antonio Planning Area
2015 12
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
394 residential apartments and 3,000 square feet of commercial space,
in two four-story buildings over an underground parking garage. The
project site is located in the South Whisman P recise Plan and is part
of the South Whisman Master Plan. San Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio
Planning Area
2016 2
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
394 residential apartments and 3,000 square feet of commercial space,
in two four-story buildings over an underground parking garage. The
project site is located in the Sout h Whisman Precise Plan and is part
of the South Whisman Master Plan. January 2016 and are currently under
review. San Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio Planning Area
2016 3
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
394 residential apartments and 3,000 square feet of commercial space,
in two four-story buildings over an underground parking garage. The
project site is located in the South Whisman P recise Plan and is part
of the South Whisman Master Plan. January 2016 and are currently under
review. San Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio Planning Area
2016 4
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
394 residential apartments and 3,000 square feet of commercial space,
in two four-story buildings over an underground parking garage. The
project site is located in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is part
of the South Whisman Master Plan. San Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio
Planning Area
2016 6
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
394 residential apartments and 3,000 square feet of commercial space,
in two four-story buildings over an underground parking garage. The
project site is located in the South Whisman P recise Plan and is part
of the South Whisman Master Plan. San Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio
Planning Area
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
394 residential apartments and 3,000 square feet of commercial space,
in two four-story buildings over an underground parking garage. The
project site is located in the South Whisman P recise Plan and is part
of the South Whisman Master Plan. Central Neighborhoods
2017 4
 " 
2018 1
In J une 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for 394 residential apartments and 3,000
square feet of commercial space, in two four-story buildings over an
underground parking garage. The project is located in the South
Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
Central Neighborhoods
2018 3
In J une 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for 394 residential apartments and 3,000
square feet of commercial space, in two four-story buildings over an
underground parking garage. The project is located in the Sou th
Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
Central Neighborhoods
2018 5
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for 394 residential apartments and 3,000
square feet of commercial space, in two four-story buildings over an
undergrou nd parking garage. The project is located in the South
Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
Central Neighborhoods
2018 7
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for 394 residential apartments and 3,000
square feet of commercial space, in two four-story buildings over an
underground parking garage. The project is located in the South
Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
Central Neighborhoods
2018 9
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for 394 residential apartments and 3,000
square feet of commercial space, in two four-story buildings over an
underground parking garage. The project is located in the South
Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
a Development Review Permit for 394 residential apartments an d 3,000
square feet of commercial space in two, four-story buildings over an
undergroun d parking garage. The project is located in the P-37 (South
Whisman) Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
2019 8
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct 394 residential apartments and
3,000 square feet of commercial space in two, four-story buildings
over an underground parking garage. The project is located in the P-37
(South Whisman) Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman Master
Plan.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
---
390 Moffett Blvd. 390moffettblvd
2014 2
In January 2014, Hampton Inn and Suites applied for permits to expand
their 87 room hotel at 330 Moffett Blvd. by purchasing 390 Moffett
Blvd and adding 21 rooms. The Zoning Administrator will make a final
action on the project later in 2014.
2014 3
In January 2014, Hampton Inn and Suites applied for permits to expand
their 87 room hotel at 330 Moffett Blvd. by purchasing 390 Moffett
Blvd and adding 21 rooms. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is
anticipated in late 2014. (Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area)
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acr e project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. A building permit submittal is expected in summer
of 2014. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth
Cramblet
2014 8
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Sui tes), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blv d. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. A building permit application is under review.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 10
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible whe n the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. A building permit application is under review.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 11
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Su ites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner:
Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 12
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the requ ired
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner:
Elizabeth Cramblet
2015 1
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acr e project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Building permit submittal is anticipated in early
2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth
Cramblet
2015 2
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton Inn and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Building permit submittal is anticipated in early
2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth
Cramblet
2015 3
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under review.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
Applicant: Tobin Dougherty
2015 4
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acr e project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under review.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
Applicant: Tobin Dougherty
2015 5
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a par king reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under review.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
Applicant: Tobin Dougherty
2015 6
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under review.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
Applicant: Tobin Dougherty
2015 8
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acr e project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. The Building Permit plans are under review.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
Applicant: Tobin Dougherty
2015 9
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. review.
2015 10
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foo t, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. review.
2015 11
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. review.
2015 12
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tr ee on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd. review.
2016 2
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and S uites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage Tree on
a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the hotel
owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd.
2016 3
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 1 Heritage t ree
on a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the
hotel owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 1 Heritage t ree
on a 1.34 acre pro ject site. Expansion was made possible when the
hotel owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd.
2016 8
In March 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application by
Hampton In n and Suites to allow an 11,630 square foot, 21 room
addition to an existing 52,707 square foot, 87 room hotel (Hampton Inn
and Suites), a parking reduction of 18 spaces (93 from the required
111), and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 1 Heritage t ree
on a 1.34 acre project site. Expansion was made possible when the
hotel owner purchasing the adjacent parcel at 330 Moffett Blvd.
---
2600 Marine Wy . 2600marinewy
2013 8
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. The project was reviewed by the EPC at a study session i n
February 2013 and the City Council in April 2013. An EIR is being
prepared for the project, and the project and traffic analysis will be
brought to a second round of study sessions in Fall 2013. (North
Bayshore Planning Area) (Stephanie Williams)
2013 9
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. Study sessions are scheduled with the EPC on October 2 and the
Council on October 22. Final Council action is expected in spring
2014.
2013 10
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. The EPC held a study session on October 2 and the Council will
discuss the project on October 22. Final Council action is expected in
spring 2014. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2013 11
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. Final Council action is expected in spring 2014.
2013 12
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. Final Council action is expected before summer 2014.
2014 1
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. Final Council action is expected before summer 2014. (North
Bayshore Planning Area)
2014 2
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. Final Council action is expected before June 2014.
2014 3
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 3 64,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. Final Council action is expected in June 2014.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. In May 2014 the
project was reviewed by the Environmental Planning Commission (EPC)
who forwarded a recommendation for approval of the project to the City
Council. A Council public hearing is scheduled for June 10, 2014.
Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 8
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Pe
rmit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees lo cated on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 10
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 11
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planne d Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Her itage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 12
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 1
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planne r: Stephanie Williams
2015 2
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 3
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant:
Intuit Inc.
2015 4
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Pe rmit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant:
Intuit Inc.
2015 5
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant:
Intuit Inc.
2015 6
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replaci ng 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started
in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016. Planning
Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant:
Intuit Inc.
2015 8
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. Status/Next Ste p(s): Approved. Construction
started in June 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in 2016.
Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Intuit Inc.
2015 9
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. anticipated to be completed in 2016.
2015 10
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Herit age trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. anticipated to be completed in 2016.
2015 11
 " 
---
250 San Antonio Circle   250sanantoniocircle
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit to allow construction of a new
building and parking lot associated with the Community School of Music
and Art replacing two existing auto repair buildings.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Modification to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit
and Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed and construction of a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), locat ed on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove four Heritage trees. The
project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San
Antonio Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Prec
ise Plan.
2018 1
On December 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed and construction of a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The project
is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San Antonio
Circle and California Street in t he P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2018 3
On December 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed and construction of a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritag e trees. The
project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San
Antonio Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2018 5
On December 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed and construction of a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The project
is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San Antonio
Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2018 7
On December 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed and construction of a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Roa d, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The project
is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San Antonio
Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2018 9
On December 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed and construction of a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritag e trees. The
project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San
Antonio Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2018 11
On December 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed and construction of a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Roa d, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The project
is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San Antonio
Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 2
On December 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed and construction of a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts (C
SMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The project
is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San Antonio
Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Ant onio) Precise Plan.
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
On December 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a modification
to a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit, and a
Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto repair
buildings and an associated shed to construct a new 3,350 square foot
building for the Community School of Music and Arts (CSMA) located on
the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, an d a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The project is located on
the west side of San Antonio Road between San Antonio Circle and
California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On December 13, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit (Permit No. 374-99-PCZA) to allow the
demolition of two auto repair buildings and an associated shed to
construct a new 3,350 square foot building for the Community School of
Music and Arts (CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San
Antonio Road, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two
Heritage trees. The project is located on the west side of San Antonio
Road between San Antonio Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San
Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On December 13, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a modification
to a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Provisional Use Permit (Permit No. 374-99-PCZA) to allow the
demolition of two auto repair buildings and an associated shed to
construct a new 3,350 square foot building for the Community School of
Music and Arts (CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San
Antonio Road, a nd a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two
Heritage trees. The project is located on the west side of San Antonio
Road between San Antonio Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San
Antonio) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On February 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review
Permit and Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto
repair buildings and an associated shed to construct a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The project
is located on the west sid e of San Antonio Road between San Antonio
Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
Projects Under Construction
2020 5
On February 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review
Permit and Provisional Use Permit to allow the demolition of two auto
repair buildings and an associated shed to construct a new 3,350
square foot building for the Community School of Music and Arts
(CSMA), located on the adjacent parcel at 230 San Antonio Road, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees. The project
is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between San Antonio
Circle and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
---
133-149 Fairchild Dr. 133149fairchilddr
2014 4
This project is Phase II of the 111 Fairchild Project. In March 2014
plans for a 38-unit rowhouse project were submitted. A Council hearing
is expected in early 2015. (Scott Plambaeck)
2014 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Development
Permit to allow a new 38-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is linked to the 111 Fairchild Drive project. A Council
hearing is expected in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Development
Permit to allow a new 38-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive betwee n Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is linked to the 111 Fairchild Drive project. A Council
hearing is expected in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Development
Permit to allow a new 38-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive betwe en Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is phase II of the 111 Fairchild Drive p roject. A Council
hearing is expected in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 3 5-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is phase II of the 111 Fairchild Drive p roject. A Council
hearing is expected in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse proj ect and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is phase II of the 111 Fairchild Drive p roject. A Council
hearing is expected in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse pr oject and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is phase II of the 111 Fairchild Drive p roject. A Council
hearing is expected in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is phase II of the 111 Fairchild Drive p roject. A Council
hearing is expected in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is phase II o f the 111 Fairchild Drive p roject. A Council
hearing is anticipated in June 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyre lla Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is phase II of the 111 Fairchild Drive p roject. A Council
hearing is anticipated in June 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. This
project is phase II o f the 111 Fairchild Drive p roject. A Council
hearing is anticipated in July 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tre e
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Status/Next Step (s): This project is phase II
of the 111 Fairchild Dr. project. Council approved the project July 7,
2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council approved the project July 7, 2 015 and
the applicant has submitte d for building permits.
2015 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the so uth side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council approved the project July 7, 2015 and
the applicant has submitte d for building permits.
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council approved the project July 7, 2015 and
the applicant has submitte d for building permits.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a He ritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council approved the project July 7, 2015.
Building permit plans are under review.
2016 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council approved the project July 7, 2015.
Building permit plans are under review.
2016 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council ap proved the project July 7, 2015.
Building permit plans are under review.
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council ap proved the project July 7, 2015.
Construction to begin Summer 2016.
2016 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council ap proved the project July 7, 2015.
Construction to begin summer 2016.
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. Council approved the project July 7, 2015.
Under construction.
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Deve lopment
Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site,
located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue
and North Whisman Road. City C ouncil approved the project July 7,
2015. Under construction.
2017 4
 " 
---
801 El Camino Real W. 801elcaminorealw
2013 8
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a request
to sell the adjacent City parking lot to the develop er. A formal
application for a 175 apartment units and 10,000 square feet of retail
space in three four-story buildings was received on August 1. The
applicant is working with existing commercial tenants to incorporate
them into the new project when it i s constructed. EPC and Council
study sessions are scheduled for fall 2013. A final Council hearing is
anticipated by the end of 2014 at the earliest.
2013 9
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a request
to sell the adjacent City parking lot to the developer. A formal
application for a 175 apartment units and 10,000 square feet of retail
space in three four-story buildings was received on August 1. The
applicant is working with existing commercial tenants to incorporate
them into the new project when it is constructed. Study sessions are
scheduled with the EP C on September 11 and the City Council on
September 24. A final Council hearing is anticipated in early 2015.
Conceptual plans are posted at www.mountainview.gov/planning.
2013 10
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a request
to sell the adjacent City parking lot to the developer. A formal
application for a 175 apartment units and 10,000 square feet of retail
space in three four-story buildings was received on August 1. EPC
reviewed the project on September 11. Council reviewed the project on
September 24. The applicant is workin g with existing commercial
tenants to incorporate them into the new project when it is
constructed. A final Council hearing is anticipated in late 2014.
Conceptual plans are posted at www.mountainview.gov/planning.
2013 11
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. A formal application for a 175
apartment units and 10,000 square feet of retail space in three four-
story buildings was received on August 1. EPC and Council reviewed the
plans in September. The applicant is working with existing commercial
tenants to incorporate them into the new project when it is
constructed. A second Council study session is anticipated in January
2014. A final Council hearing is anticipated in late 2014. Conceptual
plans are posted at www.mountainview.gov/plann ing. (Central
Neighborhoods Planning Area) (Stephanie Williams)
2013 12
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. EPC and Council reviewed plans
for 175 apartment units and 10,000 square feet of retail space in
three four-story buildings in September. A second Council study
session is anticipated in January 2014. A final Council hearing is
anticipated in late 2014. Conceptual plans are posted at
www.mountainview.gov/planning.
2014 1
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. The applicant has submitted a
formal application for a 164 unit project with 10,800 square feet of
commercial space. A Council study session is anticipated in January
2014. A final Council hearing is anticipated in late 2014. Conceptual
plans are poste d at www.mountainview.gov/planning. (Central
Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 2
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. The applicant has submitted a
formal application for a 164 unit project with 10,800 square feet of
commercial space. A final Council hearing is anticipated in late 2014.
Conceptual plans are posted at www.mountainview.gov/planning.
2014 3
 " 
2014 4
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. The applicant has submitted a
formal application for a 164 unit project with 10,800 square feet of
commercial space. A final Council hearing is antic ipated in late
2014. Conceptual plans are posted at www.mountainview.gov/planning.
2014 6
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment f rom the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. Link to Project Website:
http://beta.mountainview.gov/depts/comdev/planning/activeprojects/grey
star.a sp. Status/Next Step(s): A final Council hearing is anticipated
in late 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Stephanie Williams
2014 8
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. This project w ould
replace 22,380 square feet of existing commercial development. Link to
Project Website: http://www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/act
iveprojects/greystar.asp Status/Next Step(s): A Draft EIR was
circulated on July 30, 2014 for the 45-day public comment period. The
application will be reviewed by the Development Review C ommittee
(DRC) on August 6, 2014. A final Council hearing is anticipated in
late 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Stephanie W illiams
2014 10
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permi t to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. This project w ould
replace 22,380 square feet of existing commercial development. Link to
Project Website: http://www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/act
iveprojects/greystar.asp Status/Next Step(s): A Draft EIR was
circulated on July 30, 2014 for the 45-day publ ic comment period. A
final Council hearing is anticipated in December 2014. Planning Area:
Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 11
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment u nits and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. This project w ould
replace 22,380 square feet of existing commercial development. Link to
Project Website: http://www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/act
iveprojects/greystar.asp Status/Next Step(s): A Draft EIR was
circulated on July 30, 2014 for the 45-day public comment period. The
Final EIR was circulated in October 2014. A final Council hearing is
tentatively scheduled for December 9, 2014. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 12
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. This project w ould
replace 22,380 square feet of existing commercial development.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The City Council approved the project
on December 9, 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 1
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permi t to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. This project w ould
replace 22,380 square feet of existing commercial development.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The City Council approved the project
on December 9, 2014. An application for Building Permit is anticipated
in early 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Stephanie Willia ms
2015 2
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. This project would
replace 22,380 square feet of existing commercial development.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The City Council approved the project
on December 9, 2014. An application for Building Permit is anticipated
in early 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Stephanie Williams
2015 3
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site, replacing 22,380 square
feet of existing commercial development. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The City Council approved the project on December 9, 2014.
An application for Building Permit is anticipated in early 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: Greystar
2015 4
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site, replacing 22,380 square
feet of existing commercial development. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The City Council approved the project on December 9, 2014.
The applicant has submitted for Building Permit s and staff is
reviewing the plans. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: Greystar
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site, replacing 22,380 square
feet of existing commercial development. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Building permit plans are currently under review. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Greystar
2015 9
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site, replacing 22,380 square
feet of existing commercial development. review.
2015 10
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (P lanned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site, replacing 22,380 square
feet of existing commercial development. review.
---
777 West Middlefield Road 777westmiddlefieldroad
2016 10
Informal request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High- Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from
R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned Community) district
to allow demolition of 208 existing apartment units and construction
of 711 new apartment units (including 144 affordable units). The
project site is located on the west side of Middlefield Road between
Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 district.
2017 2
Informal request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High-Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from
R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned Community) district
to allow demolition of 208 existing apartment units and construction
of 711 new apartment units (including 144 affordable units). The
project site is located on the west side of Mi ddlefield Road between
Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 district.
2017 4
Informal request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High-Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from
R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned Community) district
to allow demolition of 208 existing apartment units and construction
of 711 new apartment units (including 144 affordable units). The
project site is located on the west side of Middlefield Road between
Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 district.
2018 1
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High- Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2
(Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned Community), and a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow demolition of
208 existing apartment units and construction of 711 new apartment
units (including 144 affordable units). The project site is located on
the west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High- Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2
(Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned Community), and a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow demolition of
208 existing apartment units and construction of 711 new apartment
units (including 144 affordable units). The project is located on the
west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline Boulevard
and Moffett Bouleva rd in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2018 7
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High- Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2
(Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned Community), and a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow demolition of
208 existing apartment units and constructio n of 711 new apartment
units (including 144 affordable units). The project is located on the
west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline Boulevard
and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2018 9
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) to P (Planned Community), and a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow demolition of 208
existing apartment units and construction of 711 new apartment units
(including 144 affordable units). The project is located on the west
side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline Boulevard and
Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Famil y Residential) district.
2018 11
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) to P (Planned Community), and a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow demolition of 208
existing apartment units and construction of 71 6 new apartment units
(including 144 affordable units). The project is located on the west
side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline Boulevard and
Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Famil y Residential) district.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium- Density Residential
to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Mult
iple-Family Residential) to P (Planned Community), and a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow demolition of
208 existing apartment units and construction of 71 6 new apartment
units (including 144 affordable units). The project is located on the
west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline Boulevard
and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. • Applicant: Fortbay
2019 6
On May 21, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Re
sidential, a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) to P (Planned Community) district, and a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Per mit to allow demolition
of 208 existing apartment units to construct 716 new apartment units
(including 144 affordable units). The project is located on the west
side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline Boulevard and
Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (M ultiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 8
On May 21, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from Medium- Density Residential to High-Density Residential, a Zoning
Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow demolition of 208 existing apartment units and
construction of 71 6 new apartment units (including 144 affordable
units). The project is located on the west side of West Middlefield
Road between North Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the
R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 10
On May 21, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from Medium- Density Residential to H igh-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P
(Planned Community), and a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit to allow demolition of 208 existing apartment units and
construction of 71 6 new apartment units (including 144 affordable
units). The project is located on the west side of West Middlefield
Road between North Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the
R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 3
On May 21, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from Medium- Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning
Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community); a Planned Community Permit and Development Re view Permit
to allow demolition of 208 existing apartment units and construction
of 71 6 new apartment units (including 144 affordable units); a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 127 Heritage trees; and a
Preliminary Parcel Map to create two parcels on a 9.84-acre project
site. The project is located on the west side of West Middlefield Road
between North Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2
(Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2020 5
On May 21, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from Medium- Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning
Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community); a Planned Community Permit and Develop ment Review Permit
to allow demolition of 208 existing apartment units and construction
of 71 6 new apartment units (including 144 affordable units); a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 127 Heritage trees; and a
Preliminary Parcel Map to create two parcels on a 9.84-acre project
site. The project is located on the west side of West Middlefield Road
between North Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2
(Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2022 2
On May 21, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct 716 new apartment units (including 144 affordable
units), replacing 208 existing apartment units; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 127 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel
Ma p to create two parcels on a 9.84-acre project site. The project is
located on the west side of West Middlefield Road between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 4
On May 21, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct 716 new apartment units (including 144 affordable
units), replacing 208 existing apartment units; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 127 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel
Ma p to create two parcels on a 9.84-acre project site. The project is
located on the west side of West Middlefield Road between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
2022 6
On May 21, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct 716 new apartment units (includi ng 144 affordable
units), replacing 208 existing apartment units; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 127 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel
Map to create two parcels on a 9.84-acre project site. The project is
located on the west side of West Middlefield Road between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 8
On May 21, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct 716 new apartment units (including 144 affordable
units), replacing 208 existing apartm ent units; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 127 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel
Map to create two parcels on a 9.84-acre project site. The project is
located on the west side of West Middlefield Road between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 10
On May 21, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Commun ity Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct 716 new apartment units (including 144
affordable units), replacing 208 existing apartment units; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 127 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to create two parcels on a 9.84-acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of West Middlefield Road between
North Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2022 12
 " 
2023 2
On May 21, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct 716 new apartment units (including 144 affordable
units), replacing 208 existing apartment units; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 127 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel
Map to create two parcels on a 9.84-acre proje ct site. The project is
located on the west side of West Middlefield Road between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
---
555 West Middlefield Road 555westmiddlefieldroad
2016 10
Informal request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High-Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P
to R4 (High Density), and a Development Review Permit to allow a
341-unit addition to an existing 402-unit residential development with
three new underground garages, a new leasing office for the entire
development, and a 1.48-acre public park (dedicated to the City) on a
14.5-acre site. The project site is located on the south side of West
Middlefield Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P
(Planned Community) district.
2017 2
Informal request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High-Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P
to R4 (High Density), and a Development Review Permit to allow a
341-unit addition to an existing 402-unit residential development with
three new underground garages, a new leasing office for the entire
development, and a 1.48-acre public park (dedicated to the City) on a
14.5-acre site. The project site is located on the south side of West
Middlefield Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P
(Planned Communi ty) district.
2017 4
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High- Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P to R4
(High Density), and a Development Review Permit to allow a 341-unit
addition to an existing 402-unit residential development with three
new underground garages, a new leasing office for the entire
development, and a 1.48-acre public park (dedicated to the City) on a
14.5-acre site. The project site is located on the south side of West
Middlefiel d Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P
(Planned Community) district.
2018 1
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High- Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from P to R4 (High
Density Residential), and a Development Review Permit to allow a
341-unit addition to an existing 402-unit residential development with
three new underground garages, a new leasing offic e for the entire
developmen t, and a new 1.48-acre public park on a 14.5-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West Middlefield
Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P (Planned
Community) district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from P to R4 (High
Density Residential), and a Development Review Permit to allow a
341-unit addition to an existing 402-unit residential development with
three new underground garages, a new leasing office for the entire
development, and a new 1.48-acre public park on a 14.5-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West Middlefield
Road between Moffet t Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P (Planned
Community) district.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from P to R4 (High
Density Residential), and a Development Review Permit to allow a
341-unit addition to an existing 40 2-unit residential development
with three new underground garages, a new leasing office for the
entire development, and a new 1.48-acre public park on a 14.5-acre
project site. The project is located on the south side of West
Middlefield Road between Moffe tt Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P
(Planned Community) district.
2019 4
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium- Density Residential
to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map Amendment from P to R4 (High
Density Residential), and a Development Review Permit to allow a
341-unit addition to an existing 402-unit residential development with
three new underground garages, a new leasing office for the entire
development, and a new 1.48- acre public park on a 14.5- acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West Middlefield
Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P (Planned
Community) district. • Applicant: Avalon Bay Communities
2019 6
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment fr om Medium-Density
Residential to High- Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from
P (Planned Community) to R4 (High Density Residential) district, and a
Development Review Permit to allow a 341-unit addition to an existing
402-unit resident ial development with three new underground parking
garages, a new leasing o ffice, and a new 1.48-acre public park on a
14.5-acre project site. The project is located on the south si de of
West Middlefield Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the
P (Planned Community) district.
2019 8
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High-Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P (Planned
Community) district to R4 (High Density Residential) district, and a
Development Review Permit to allow a 341-unit addition to an existing
402-unit residential apartment development with three new underground
garages, a new leasing office, and a new 1.36-acre public park on a
14.5-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
West Middlefield Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the
P (Planned Community) district. Status/Next Steps: Under review.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
Applicant: Avalon Bay Communities
2019 10
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from P (Planned
Community) district to R4 (High Density Residential) district; and a
Development Review Permit to allow a 341-unit addition to an ex isting
402-unit residential apartment development with three new underground
garages, a new leasing office, and a new 1.36-acre public park on a
14.5-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
West Middlefield Road between Moffett Boule vard and Highway 85 in the
P (Planned Community) district. or November 2019.
2020 3
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High- Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from
P (Planned Community) district to R4 (High Density Residential)
district; and a Development Review Permit to allow a 341-unit addition
to an existing 402-unit residential apartment development with three
new underground parking garages, a new leasing office, and a new
1.36-acre public park on a 14.5-acre project site; a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 117 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel
Map to subdivide the existing parcel into four parcels. The project is
located on the south side of West Middlefield Road between Moffett
Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P (Planne d Community) district.
Development Review Committee on March 4, 2020.
2020 5
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High- Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from
P (Planned Community) district to R4 (High Density Residential)
district; and a Development Review Permit to allow a 341-unit addition
to an existing 402-unit residential apartment development with three
new underground parking garages, a new leasing office, and a new
1.36-acre public park on a 14.5-acre project site; a Heritag e Tree
Removal Permit to remove 117 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel
Map to subdivide the existing parcel into four parcels. The project is
located on the south side of West Middlefield Road between Moffett
Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P (Planne d Community) district.
2022 2
Request for a General Plan Map and Text Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High-Low Density Residential; a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit to allow a 323-unit addition to
an existing 402-unit residential apartment development with three new
subterranean garages, a new amenity building/leasing office, and a
future 1.34-acre public park; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
57 Heritage trees and relocate 39 trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to
create three lots with up to 111 condominium units on a 14.5-acre
project site. The project is located on the south side of West
Middlefield Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P
(Planned Community) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
Request for a General Plan Map and Text Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to High-Low Density Residential; a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit to allow a 323-unit addition to
an existing 402-unit residential apartment develo pment with three new
subterranean garages, a new amenity building/leasing office, and a
future 1.34-acre public park; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
57 Heritage trees and relocate 39 trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to
create three lots with up to 111 condominium units on a 14.5-acre
project site. The project is located on the south side of West
Middlefield Road between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P
(Planned Community) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
On May 10, 2022, City Council approved a General Plan Map and Text
Amendment from Medium- Density Residential to High-Low Density
Residential; a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit to allow a 323-unit addition to an existing 402-unit
residential apartment de velopment with three new subterranean
garages, a new amenity building/leasing office, and a future 1.34-acre
public park; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 57 Heritage
trees and relocate 39 trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to create three
lots with up to 111 condominium units on a 14.5-acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of West Middlefield Road between
Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P (Planned Community)
district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On May 10, 2022, City Council approved a General Plan Map and Text
Amendment from Medium- Density Residential to High-Low Density
Residential; a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit to allow a 323-unit addition to an existing 402-unit
residential apartment development with t hree new subterranean
garages, a new amenity building/leasing office, and a future 1.34-acre
public park; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 57 Heritage
trees and relocate 39 trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to create three
lots with up to 111 condomin ium units on a 14.5-acre project site.
The project is located on the south side of West Middlefield Road
between Moffett Boulevard and Highway 85 in the P (Planned Community)
district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
 " 
---
2300 W El Camino Real 2300welcaminoreal
2014 10
In August 2014, an informal review application was submitted for the
remodel and expansion of an existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117
room hotel with a level of underground parking. The project site is
located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the CRA (Commercial /Residential-Arterial)
District. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: El Camino
Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 11
In August 2014, an informal review application was submitted for the
remodel and expansion of an existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117
room hotel with a level of underground parking. The project site is
located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
Distr ict. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: El Camino
Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 12
In August 2014, an informal review application was submitted for the
remodel and expansion of an existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117
room hotel with a level of underground parking. The project site is
located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
District. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: El Camino
Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 1
In August 2014, an informal review application was submitted for the
remodel and expansion of an existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117
room hotel with a level of underground parking. The project site is
located on the north side of El Camino Real bet ween Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
District. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: El Camino
Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 3
In August 2014, an informal review application was submitted for the
remodel and expansion of an existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117
room hotel with a level of underground parking. The project site is
located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengst orff Avenue in the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
District. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. The applicant intends to
submit a formal application in Spring 2015. Planning Area: El Camino
Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Arris Studio
Architects
2015 4
In August 2014, an informal review application was submitted for the
remodel and expansion of an existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117
room hotel with a level of undergroun d parking. The project site is
located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
District. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. The applicant intends to
submit a formal application in Spring 2015. Planning Area: El Camino
Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: Arris Studio
Architects
2015 5
In February 2015, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit for the remodel and expansion of an
existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117 room hotel with a level of
undergroun d parking. The project site is located on the north side of
El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in
the El Camino Real Precise Plan (P38) District. Status/Next Step(s):
Under Review. Planning Area: El Camino Real Project Planner: Diana
Pancholi Applicant: Arris Studio Architects
2015 6
In February 2015, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit for the remodel and expansion of an
existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117 room hotel with a level of
undergroun d parking. The project site is located on the north side of
El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in
the El Camino Real Precise Plan (P38) District. Status/Next Step(s):
Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: El Camino Real Project Planner:
Diana Pancholi Applicant: Arris Studio Architec ts
2015 8
In February 2015, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit for the remodel and expansion of an
existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117 room hotel with a level of
undergroun d parking. The project site is located on the north side of
El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in
the El Camino Real Precise Plan (P38) District. Status/Next Step(s):
Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: El Camino Real Project Planner:
Diana Pancholi Applicant: Arris Studio Architects
2015 9
In February 2015, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit for the remodel and expansion of an
existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117 room hotel with a level of
u ndergroun d parking. The project site is located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in
the El Camino Real Precise Plan (P38) District.
2015 10
In February 2015, the applicant submit ted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit for the remodel and expansion of an
existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117 room hotel with a level of
undergroun d parking. The project site is located on the north side of
El Camino Real betwe en Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in
the El Camino Real Precise Plan (P38) District.
2015 11
In February 2015, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit for the remodel and expansion of an
existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117 room hotel with a level of
undergroun d parking. The project site is located on the north side of
El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in
the El Camino Real Precise Plan (P38) District.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
In February 2016, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit to allow construction of a new four-
story, 1 57 room hotel with a level of undergroun d parking. The
project site is located on the north side of El Camino Real between
Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the El Camino Real
Precise Plan (P38) District.
2016 4
In February 201 6, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit to allow construction of a new four-
story, 1 57 room hotel with a level of undergroun d parking. The
project site is located on the north side of El Camino Real between
Ortega Av enue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the El Camino Real
Precise Plan (P38) District.
2016 6
In February 201 6, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit to allow construction of a new four-
story, 1 57 room hotel with a level of undergroun d parking. The
project site is located on the north side of El Camino Real between
Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the El Camino Real
Precise Plan (P38) District.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
In February 201 6, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Prov isional Use Permit to allow construction of a new four-
story, 1 57 room hotel with a level of undergroun d parking. The
project site is located on the north side of El Camino Real between
Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the El Camino Real Precis
e Plan (P38) District.
2019 10
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and a
parking reduction; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow a new 4-story, 75,824 square foot, 153-room hotel with
an expanded one-level underground parking garage, replacing an
existing 71-room hotel, on a 0.97-acre project site. This property is
located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Approved Development Projects
2020 3
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and a
parking reduction; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow a new 4-story, 75,824 square foot, 153-room hotel with
an expanded one-level underground parking garage, replacing an
existing 71-room hotel, on a 0.97-acre project site. This property is
located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 5
 " 
---
2019 Leghorn Street 2019leghornstreet
2017 2
Request for a Development Review Permit and a Conditional Use Permit
to construct a new two-story, 12,050 square-foot office building and
demolish five existing residential units and associated accessory
structures, on an 0.86-acre site.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Developm ent Review Permit and Conditional Use Permit to construct a
new two- story, 12,050 square-foot office building and demolish five
existing residential units and associated accessory structures on an
0.86 acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
Leghorn Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue
in the MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2018 1
Request for a Developm ent Review Permit and Conditional Use Permit to
construct a new two-story, 12,050 square-foot office building and
demolish five existing residential units and associated accessory
structures on an 0.86 acre project site. The project is located on the
south side of Leghorn Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2018 3
Request for a Developm ent Review Permit and Conditional Use Permit to
construct a new two-story, 12,050 square-foot office building and
demolish five existing residential units and associated accessory
structures on an 0.86 acre project site. The project i s located on
the south side of Leghorn Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2018 5
Request for a Developm ent Review Permit and Conditional Use Permit to
construct a new two-story, 12,050 square-foot office building and
demolish five existing residential units and associated accessory
structures on an 0.86 acre project site. The project is located on the
south side of Leghorn Stre et between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
hearing.
2018 7
Request for a Developm ent Review Permit and Conditional Use Permit to
construct a new two-story, 12,050 square-foot office building and
demolish five existing residential units and associated accessory
structures on an 0.86 acre project site. The project i s located on
the south side of Leghorn Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2018 9
On May 9, 2018 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development Review
Permit and Conditional Use Permit to construct a new two-story, 12,050
square-foot office building and demolish five existing residential
units and associated accessory structures on an 0.86 acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Leghorn Street
between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40
(General Industrial) district.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
On May 9, 2018 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development Review
Permit and Conditional Use Permit to construct a new two-story, 12,050
square-foot office building and demolish five existing residential
units and associated accessory structures on an 0.86 acre project
site. The project is located on the south sid e of Leghorn Street
between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40
(General Industrial) district.
2019 4
On May 9, 2018 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development Review
Permit and Conditional Use Permit to construct a new two- story,
12,050 square-foot office building and demolish five existing
residential units and associated access ory structures on an 0.86 acre
project site. The project is located on the south side of Leghorn
Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the
MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2019 6
On May 9, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Development Review
Permit and a Conditional Use Permit to construct a new two-story,
12,050 square-foot office building and demolish five existing
residential units an d associated accessory structures on an 0.86-
acre project site. The project is located on th e south side of
Leghorn Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue
in the MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2019 8
On May 9, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story,
12,050 square-foot office building to replace five existing
residential units and associated accessory structures on a 0.86-acre
project site. The project is located on the south side o f Leghorn
Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the
MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2019 10
On May 9, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story,
12,050 square-foot office building to replace five existing
residential units and associated accessory structures on a 0.86-acre
project site. The project is located on the south side of Leghorn
Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the
MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
Request for a one-year Permit Extension for a Conditional Use Permit
for a research & development use, a Development Review Permit to
construct a new two-story, 12,050 square-foot office building to
replace five existing residential units and associated ac cessory
structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 0.86-acre project site. The project is located on the south
side of Leghorn Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra
Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General Indust rial) district.
2022 2
On June 24, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a Conditional Use Permit for a research & development
use, a Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 12,050
square-foot office building to replace five existing residential units
and associated accessory structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 0.86-acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of Leghorn Street between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General
Industrial) district.
2022 4
On June 24, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a Conditional Use Permit for a re search & development
use, a Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 12,050
square-foot office building to replace five existing residential units
and associated accessory structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 0.86-acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of Leghorn Street between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General
Industrial) district.
2022 6
On June 24, 2020, the Zoning Administ rator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a Conditional Use Permit for a research & development
use, a Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 12,050
square-foot office building to replace five existing residential units
and associated accessory structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 0.86- acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of Leghorn Street between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General Ind
ustrial) district.
2022 8
On June 24, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a Conditional Use Permit for a research & development
use, a Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 12,050
square-foot office building to replace five existing residential units
and associated accessory structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove two Herita ge trees on a 0.86- acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of Leghorn Street between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General
Industrial) district.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On June 24, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a Conditional Use Permit for a research & development
use, a Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 12,050
square-foot office building to replace five existing residential units
and associated accessory structures, and a Heritage Tree Remo val
Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 0.86- acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of Leghorn Street between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the MM-40 (General
Industrial) district.
2023 2
 " 
---
1998- 2024 Montecito Ave. 19982024montecitoave
2014 3
In December 2013, informal plans for a new 18 unit condominium project
on 0.93 acre site were submitted. Final Council action is anticipated
in 2015. (Scott Plambaeck) Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
An informal application for an 18-unit condominium project with
underground parking on 0.93 acre project site, located on the north
side of Montecito Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family Residential)
district. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
2014 8
An informal application for an 18-unit condominium project with
underground parking on 0.93 acre project site, located on the north
side of Montecito Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family Residential)
district. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. Planning A rea: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
2014 10
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitted a formal application for a
16-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Fa rley/Rock Project Planner: Eric Anderson Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
2014 11
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitted a formal application for a
16-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Eric Anderson Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitted a formal application for a
16-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2015 3
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitt ed a formal application for a
17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. Administrative Zoning
and City Council public hearings are anticipated in Spring 2015.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Eric Anderson
Applicant: Stuart Welte
2015 4
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitt ed a formal application for a
17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and would remove up to 12 Heritage Trees. Status/Next
Step (s): Under review. Administrative Zoning is anticipated on April
22, 2015. The City Council public hearing has been tentatively
scheduled for May 26, 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Stuart Welte
2015 5
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitt ed a formal application for a
3-story 17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93
acre project site. The project would replace three apartments and a
single-family home, and woul d remove up to 1 2 Heritage trees. The
project includes a Density Bonus request and includes one very low
income unit. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. On April 22, 2015 the
Zoning Administrator recommended approval of the project to the City
Council. The City Council public hearing has been tentatively
scheduled for May 26, 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Stuart Welte
2015 6
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitt ed a formal application for a
3-story 17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93
acre project site. The project would replace three apartments and a
single-family home, and woul d remove up to 1 1 Heritage trees. The
project includes a Density Bonus request and includes one very low
income unit. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. The City Council
approved the project on May 26, 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Stuart
Welte
2015 8
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitt ed a formal application for a
3-story 17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93
acre project site. The project would replace three apartments and a
single-family home, and woul d remove up to 1 1 Heritage trees. The
project includes a two unit Density Bonus request and includes one
very low income unit. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The City Council
approved the project on May 26, 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Stuart
Welte
2015 9
In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitt ed a formal application for a
3-story 17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93
acre project site. The project would replace three apartments and a
single-family home, and woul d remove up to 1 1 Heritage trees. The
project includes a two unit Density Bonus request and includes one
very low income unit. May 26, 2015.
2015 10
 " 
2015 11
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and woul d remove up to 1 1 Heritage trees. The project
includes a two unit Density Bonus request and includes one very low
income unit.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and woul d remove up to 1 1 Heritage trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request a nd includes one very low
income unit.
2016 6
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and woul d remove up to 1 1 Heritage trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one very low
income unit.
2016 8
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and woul d remove up to 1 1 Heritage trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request a nd includes one very low
income unit.
2016 10
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condomini um project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and woul d remove up to 1 1 Heritage trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one very low
income unit.
---
1984 El Camino Real W. 1984elcaminorealw
2013 8
In March 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by UDR for a
mixed use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a
public pedestrian connection between Latham Avenue and El Camino Real.
An EIR is being prepared for the project. EPC and Council review is
expected in fall 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 9
In March 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by UDR for a
mixed use, high-density apartment proposal. The project includes a
public pedestrian connection between Latham Avenue and El Camino Real.
An EIR is being prepared for the project. A final EPC hearing is
scheduled for September 18 and Council on October 29.
2013 10
In March 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by UDR for a
mixed use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a
public pedestrian connection between Latham Avenue and El Camino Real.
An EIR is being prepared for the project. EPC recommended approval of
the project on September 18. A final Council hearing is scheduled on
October 29.
2013 11
In March 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by UDR for a
mixed use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a
public pedestrian connection between Latham Avenue and El Camino Real.
An EIR is being prepared for the project. EPC recommended approval of
the project on September 18. A final Council hearing is scheduled on
November 12. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 12
In November 2013, Council approved a 160- unit apartment project with
4,000 square feet of retail space. Construction is planned to start in
late 2013 and be complete mid-2015.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In November 2013, Council approved a 160-unit apartment project with
4,000 square feet of retail space. Construction is plan ned to start
in late 2013 and be complete mid-2015.
2014 3
In November 2013, Council approved a 160- unit apartment project with
4,00 0 square feet of retail space. Construction is planned to start
in summer 2014 and be complete mid-2016.
2014 4
In November 2013, Council approved a 160-unit apartment project with
4,00 0 square feet of retail space. Construction is planned to start
in fall 2014 and be complete mid- 2016.
2014 6
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of retail space. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is planned to start in fall 2014 and is
expected to be completed mid-2016. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 8
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of retail space. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is planned to start in fall 2 014 and is
expected to be completed mid-2016. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 10
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of retail space. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is planned to start in spring 2015 and is
expected to be completed late-2016. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 11
 " 
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of retail space. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is planned to start in spring 2015 and is
expected to be completed late-2016. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2015 3
In November 2013, the City Council approved a Rezone from CRA
(Commercial/ Residential-Arterial) and R3-1 (Multi-Family) districts
to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit for a
160-unit apartment project and 4,000 square feet of retail space, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heri tage trees, to
replace the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85 acre site, located on the
north side of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff
Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is planned to
start in Spring /Summer 2015 and is expe cted to be completed
late-2016. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: West El Camino LLC
2015 4
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is planned to start in
Spring /Summer 2015 and is expected to be completed in late-2016.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
Applicant: West El Camino LLC – UDR
2015 5
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permit plans are under review.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
Applicant: West El Camino LLC – UDR
2015 6
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction expected to begin in
summer 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: West El Camino LLC – UDR
2015 8
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is underway. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
Applicant: West El Camino LLC – UDR
2015 9
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue.
2015 10
 " 
---
1740 El Camino Real W. 1740elcaminorealw
2013 8
In January 2013, Residence Inn submitted an informal application for a
new four story, 22,000 square foot building with 32 hotel rooms.
Zoning Administrator final action is expected in August 2013.
2013 9
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit from Residence Inn for a new four story, 22,000 square foot
building with 32 hotel rooms. Construction is expected to start by
spring 2014 and be completed by fall 2014. (Central Neighborhoods
Planning Area)
2013 10
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for 32 rooms in a four story, 22,000 square foot hotel
building. Construction will start in early 2014 and be completed by
fall 2014.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for 32 rooms in a four story, 22,000 square foot ho tel
building. Construction will start in early 2014 and be completed by
fall 2014.
2014 3
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for 32 rooms in a four story, 22,000 square foot hotel
building. Construction will start in fall 2014 and be completed by
spring 2015.
2014 4
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Us e
Permit for 32 rooms in a four story, 22,000 square foot hotel
building. Construction will start in fall 2014 and be completed by
spring 2015.
2014 6
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
applicant intends to submit for a building permit in fall 2014.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 8
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms o n a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
applicant intends to submit for a building permit in fall 2014.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 10
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
applicant submitted for a building permit in Septem ber 2014; plan
check is underway. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 11
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel build ing with
32 rooms on a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
applicant will be resubmitting for a building permit in December 2014.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 12
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
applicant will be resubmitting for a building permi t in January 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 1
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
applicant will be resubmitting for a building permit in January 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 2
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The
applicant will be resubmitting for a building permit in February 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 3
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The Building
Permit plans are currently under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: DLR Group
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
is currently underway and is expected to be completed in spring, 2016.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
Applicant: DLR Group
2015 9
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. expected to b e completed in spring, 2016.
2015 10
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. expected to be completed in spring, 2016.
---
1720 El Camino Real W. 1720elcaminorealw
2013 8
In March 2013, Council approved a 169- unit apartment project on 2.51
acres at the former Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store.
Building permit submittal is expected in July 2013. Construction is
expected to start by December 2013 and completion anticipated by
summer 2015.
2013 9
In March 2013, Council approved a 169- unit apartment project on 2.51
acres at the former Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store.
Building permits were submitted in August 2013. Construction is
expected to start by December 2013 and completion anticipated by
summer 2015.
2013 10
In March 2013, Council approved a 169- unit apartment on 2.51 acres.
Building permit s were submitted in August 2013. Construction will
start by December 2013 and be completed by summer 2015.
2013 11
In March 2013, Council approved a 169- unit apartment on 2.51 acres.
Building permits were submitted in August 2013. Construction will
start by December 2013 and be completed by summer 2015.
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In March 2013, Council approved a 169- unit apartment on 2.51 acres.
Building permits were submitted in August 2013. Construction will
start in January 2014 and be completed by summer 2015.
2014 2
In March 2013, Council approved a 169-unit apartment on 2.51 acres.
Building permits were submitted in August 2013. Construction will
start in January 2014 and be completed by summer 2015.
2014 3
In March 2013, Council approved a 169- unit apartment on 2.51 acres.
Building permits were submitted in August 2013. Construction start ed
in January 2014 and will be completed in summer 2015.
2014 4
In March 2013, Council approved a 166-unit apartment project on 2.51
acres. Building permits were submitted in August 2013. Construction
start ed in January 2014 and will be completed in summer 2015.
2014 6
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
tree s to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction
started in January 2014 and is expected to be c ompleted in summer
2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 8
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential ap artment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Next S tep(s): Approved. Construction
started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer
2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 10
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to repl ace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction
started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer
2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 11
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Esc uela Avenue Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed
in summer 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Scott Plam baeck
2014 12
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Trop icana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction
started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer 20
15. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In March 2013, the City Council approved a request for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer
2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 3
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Trop icana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction
started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer 20
15. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
In March 2013, the City Council approved a request for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tro picana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction
started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer
2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 6
In March 2013, the City Council approved a request for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tro picana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction
started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer 2
015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 8
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue Status/Ne xt Step (s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed
end of 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 9
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue expected to be completed Sprint of 2016.
2015 10
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the r emoval of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue. expected to be completed Sprin g of 2016.
---
1616 El Camino Real W. 1616elcaminorealw
2013 8
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a 67
unit apartment project, adjacent to the Tropicana project. Formal
review began after Council approved the Tropicana project in March
2013. An EPC study session was held in May 2013. The applicant is
revising their plans. A final Council hearing is anticipated by the
end of 2013.
2013 9
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a 67
unit apartment project, adjac ent to the Tropicana project. A final
Council hearing is anticipated in early 2014.
2013 10
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a 67
unit apartment project, adjacent to the Tropicana project. The EPC
will make a formal recommendation in December 2013. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in early 2014.
2013 11
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a 67
unit apartment project, adjacent to the Tropicana project. A final
Council hearing is anticipated in early 2014.
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a 67
unit apartment project, adjacent to the Tropica na project. A final
Council hearing is scheduled for March 18, 2014.
2014 3
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a 67
unit apartment project, adjacent to the Tropicana project. A final
Council hearing is scheduled for March 18, 2014.
2014 4
In March 2014, Council approved a 66-unit apartment project on a 0.99
acre parcel. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 6
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant
applied for buil ding permits to start construction of the project.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 8
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartmen t building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Maripo sa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant
applied for building permits to start construction of the project.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 10
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant
applied for buil ding permits to start construction of the project.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 11
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant
applied for building permits to start construction of the project.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
t he CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant
applied for building permits to start cons truction of the project.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 2
In March 2014, the City Council approved a request for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
started in December 2014 and is expected o be completed in summer
2016. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 3
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings to taling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
started in December 2014 and is expected o be completed in summer
2016. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 4
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings to taling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constructi on
started in December 2014 and is expected o be completed in summer
2016. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 5
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail bui
ldings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99 acre
project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real and
Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started in
December 2014 and is expected o be completed in summer 2016. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 6
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings to taling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constructi on
started in December 2014 and is expected o be completed in summer
2016. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 8
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
started in Decemb er 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer
2016. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 9
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66 u
nit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El C amino Real
and Mariposa Avenue is expected to be completed in summer 2016.
2015 10
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment bui lding to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue is expected to be completed in summer 2016.
---
1101 El Camino Real W. 1101elcaminorealw
2013 8
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a 32.5% density bonus in conjunction with 10% of
the units being provided as very-low-income units. A final Council
hearing is anticipated by June 2014.
2013 9
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a 32.5% density bonus. A final Council hearing
is anticipated by fall 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 10
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a density bonus. Council authorized a rezoning
of a small portion of the site to the CRA district in September 2013.
2013 11
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a density bonus. Council authorized a rezoning
of a small portion of the site to the CRA district in September 2013.
An EPC study session is anticipated in early 2014.
2013 12
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a density bonus. Council authorized a rezoning
of a small portion of the site to the CRA district in September 2013.
An EPC study session is anticipated in January 2014. (Central
Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 1
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a density bonus. Council authorized a rezoning
of a small portion of the site to the CRA district in September 2013.
An EPC study session is anticipated in January 2014.
2014 2
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied fo r a 52 unit condominium
development including a density bonus. Council authoriz ed a rezoning
of a small portion of the site to the CRA district in September 2013.
An EPC study session is anticipated in March 2014.
2014 3
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a density bonus. Council authorized a rezoning
of a small portion of the site to the CRA district in September 2013.
An EPC study session is scheduled in March 2014.
2014 4
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a density bonus. Council authorized a rezoning
of a small portion of the site to the CRA district in September 2013.
An EPC study session is occurred in March 2014. A final Council
hearing is anticipated for fall 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning
Area)
2014 6
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52-unit condominium
development with a 35% density bonus, under State Density Bonus Law,
on a 0.89 acre (38,962 square feet) project site. Status/Next Step
(s): Under review. A DRC meeting is tentatively scheduled for July 2,
2014. A final Council hearing is anticipated in fall 2014. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 8
In June 2013, Regis Homes Bay Area requested a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and Two-
Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residenti al-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed proj ect
would demolish the existing Harv’s Carwash and replace it with 52
ownership units, resulting in 73,445 net new square feet of
development on the site. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A
Development Review C ommittee (DRC) meeting is scheduled for August
20, 2014. Subsequent to DRC revi ew, a final EPC public hearing will
be scheduled, where the Commission will make a recommendation to
Council. A final Counci l hearing is anticipated in late 2014.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 10
In June 2013, Regis Homes Bay Area requested a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and Two-
Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Pla n Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 3 5% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project would
demolish the existing Harv’s Carwash and replace it with 52 ownership
units, resulting in 73,445 net new square feet of development on the
site. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. The Environmental Planning
Commission is tentatively scheduled to hear this item on October 1,
2014. A final Counci l hearing is tentatively scheduled for November
12, 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan
2014 11
In June 2013, Regis Homes Bay Area requested a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and Two-
Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Revie w Permit for
a 4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) projec t site. The proposed project
would demolish the existing Harv’s Carwash and replace it with 52
ownership units, resulting in 73,445 net new square feet of
development on the site. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. The
Environmental Planning Commission is tentatively scheduled to hear
this item on October 1, 2014. A final Counci l hearing is tentatively
scheduled for November 12, 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods
Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 12
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus L aw, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 owner ship units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. Status/Next Step (s):
Approved. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner:
Lindsay Hagan
2015 1
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA (Commer
cial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map Amendment
to alter the land use designation for the same portion of the project
site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use Corridor, a
Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story,
52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus, under State
Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0. 98
acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project includes
demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it with 52
ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new square feet
of development on the site. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Demolition
of the existing site improvements is anticipated for late January,
2015 to allow the applicant to complete the FEMA (Federal Emergency
Management Agency) approv al process to remove the site from the flood
zone. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay
Hagan
2015 2
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a
0.98 acre (42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolishing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it with
52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new square
feet of development on the site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Demolition of the existing site improvements is anticipated for late
February 2015 to allow the applicant to complete the FEMA (Federal
Emergency Management Agency) approval process to remove the site from
the flood zone. The applicant submitted building permit plans, and
staff is currently reviewing the plans. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 3
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus L aw, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 owner ship units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. Status/Next Step (s):
Approved. Demolition has begun to allow the applicant to complete the
FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Age ncy) approval process to remove
the site from the flood zone. The applicant submitted building permit
plans, and staff is currently reviewing the plans. Planning Area:
Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Regis
Homes Bay Area
2015 4
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus L aw, and one- level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre (42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 owner ship units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. Status/Next Step (s):
Approved. Demolition has begun to allow the applicant to complete the
FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Age ncy) approval process to remove
the site from the flood zone. The applicant submitted building permit
plans, and staff is currently reviewing the plans. Planning Area:
Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Regis
Homes Bay Area
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. Status/Next Step (s):
Approved. Building permit plans are currently under review. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant:
Regis Homes Bay Area
2015 8
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existi ng Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. Status/Next Step (s):
Approved. Building permit plans are currently under review. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant:
Regis Homes Bay Area
2015 9
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus L aw, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 owner ship units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. review. Construction of the
underground parking will begin in the Fall of 2015.
2015 10
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Ame
ndment to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd
(One- and Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the sam e portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resu lting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. review. Construction of the
underground parking has begun.
---
445 Calderon Ave. 445calderonave
2013 10
In September 2011, Council approved a 19-unit co-housing project on
1.2 acres, which included the relocation and modification to a
historic home. Construction is expected to be complete in 2014.
(Stephanie Williams) Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In September 2011, Council approved a 19-un it co-housing project on
1.2 acres, which included the relocation and modification to a
historic home. Construction is expected to be complete in 2014.
(Stephanie Williams) Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2014 3
In September 2011, Council approved a 19-unit co-housing project on
1.2 acres, which included the relocation and modification to a
historic home. Construction is expected to be complete in 2014.
(Stephanie Williams) Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In September 2011, the City Council approved a 19-unit co-housing
project, which included the relocation and modification to a historic
home on site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected
to be complete d in late 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhood
Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2014 8
In September 2011, the City Council approved a 19-unit co-housing
project, which included the relocation and modification to a historic
home on site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected
to be complete d in late 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhood
Project Planne r: Stephanie Williams Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2014 10
In September 2011, the City Council approved a 19-unit co-housing
project, which included the relocation and modification to a historic
home on site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected
to be complete d in late 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhood
Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2014 11
In September 2011, the City Council approved a 19-unit co-housing
project, which included the relocation and modification to a historic
home on site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected
to be complete d in early 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhood
Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In September 2011, the City Council approved a 19-unit co-housing
project, which included the relocation and modification to a historic
home on site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected
to be completed in early 2015. Planning Area: Central Neighborhood
Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2015 3
In September 2011, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, Tentative Subdivision
Map, Historic Preservation Permit and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
construct a three-story, 19-unit co- housing project and relocation
and improvement to a historic home on site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is expected to be complete d in mid- 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhood Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: David & Susan Burwen Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area
2015 4
In September 2011, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, Tentative Subdivision
Map, Historic Preservation Permit and Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to
construct a three-story, 19-unit co- housing project and relocation
and improvement to a historic home on site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is expected to be complete d in mid- 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhood Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: David & Susan Burwen Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area
2015 5
In September 2011, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, Tentative Subdivision
Map, Historic Preservation Permit and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
construct a three-story, 19-unit co- housing project and relocation
and improvement to a historic home on site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is expected to be complete d in mid- 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhood Project P lanner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: David & Susan Burwen Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area
2015 6
In September 2011, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, Tentative Subdivision
Map, Historic Preservation Permit and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
construct a three-story, 19-unit co- housing project and relocation
and improveme nt to a historic home on site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is expected to be complete d in mid- 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhood Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: David & Susan Burwen Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area
2015 8
In September 2011, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, Tentative Subdivision
Map, Historic Preservation Permit and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
construct a three-story, 19-unit co- housing project and relocation
and improvement to a historic home on site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is expected to be complete d in mid- 2015.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhood Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: David & Susan Burwen Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area
2015 9
In September 2011, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, Tentative Subdivision
Map, Historic Preservation Permit and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
construct a three-story, 19-unit co- housing project and relocation
and improvement to a historic home on site. mid-2015.
Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2015 10
In September 2011, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, Tentative Subdivision
Map, Historic Preservation Permit and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
construct a three-story, 19-unit co- housing project and relocation
and improvement to a historic home on site. late 2015.
Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
2015 11
In September 2011, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, Tentative Subdivision
Map, Historic Preservation Permit and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
construct a three-story, 19-unit co- housing project and relocation
and improvement to a historic home on site. early 2016.
Miramonte/Springer Planning Area
---
420 San Antonio R d. 420sanantoniord
2013 8
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project on 4.6 acres. Formal
review of this Gatekeeper will start in July 2013.
2013 9
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project on 4.6 acres. The
applicant submitted plans for a 376 unit project that is scheduled for
an EPC study session on September 25. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2013 10
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project on 4.6 acres. The
applicant submitted plans for a 376 unit project. EPC reviewed the
plan at a study session on September 25. Staff and EPC direction was
to incorporate retail space along San Antonio Road and focus on height
transitions at the perimeter.
2013 11
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project on 4.6 acres. The
applicant submitted plans for a 376 unit project. EPC reviewed the
plan at a study session on September 25. Staff an d EPC direction was
to incorporate retail space along San Antonio Road and focus on height
transitions at the perimeter.
2013 12
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project of up to 376 units on
4.6 acres. EPC directed the applicant to add retail space along San
Antonio Road and focus on height transitions a t the perimeter.
2014 1
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project of up to 376 units on
4.6 acres. EPC directed the applicant to add retail space along San
Antonio Road and focus on height transitions at the perimeter.
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by t he
Pillar Group to study a high-density apartment project of up to 373
units on 5.7 acres. EPC directed the applicant to add retail space
along San Antonio Road and focus on height transitions at the
perimeter.
2014 4
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project of up to 373 units on
5.7 acres. EPC directed the applicant to add retail space along San
Antonio Road and focus on height transitions a t the perimeter.
2014 6
Request for an amendment to the General Plan Land Use Map to change up
to 14 acres from General Mixed-Use to Mixed-Use Corridor and a request
for a amend the zoning map from CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
to P (Planned Community) and a Planned Community Permit to construct a
373-unit, 4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground
floor retail to replace 7 existing retail, office and industria l
buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre
site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and
Miller Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council authorized a
gatekeeper to amend the General Plan for 14-acres on the west side San
Antonio Road and rezone th e 5.7-acre project site. The applicant
submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee (DRC) review
and comment, and the EIR for the project has commenced. Environmental
Planning Commission a nd Council hearings are expected in late 2014
and/or early 2015. Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 8
Request for an amendment to the General Plan Land Use Map to change up
to 14 acres from General Mixed-Use to Mixed-Use Corridor and a request
for a amend the zoning map from CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
to P (Planned Community) and a Planned Community Permit to construct a
373-unit, 4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground
floor retail to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial
buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre
site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and
Mille r Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council authorized a
gatekeeper to amend the General Plan for 14-acres on the west side San
Antonio Road and rezone th e 5.7-acre project site. The applicant
submitted plans for informal Development Review Comm ittee (DRC)
review and comment, and the EIR for the project has commenced. A City
Council study session tentatively scheduled for October 7, 2014.
Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 10
Request for an amendment to the General Plan Land Use Map to change up
to 14 acres from General Mixed-Use to Mixed-Use Corridor and a request
for a amend the zoning map from CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
to P (Planned Community) and a Planned Community Permit to construct a
373-unit, 4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground
floor retail to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial
buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre
site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and
Miller Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council authorized a
gatekeeper to amend the General Plan for 14-acres on the west side San
Antonio Road and rezone th e 5.7-acre project site. The applicant
submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee (DRC) review
and comment, and the EIR for the project has commenced. A City Council
study session ten tatively scheduled for October 28, 2014. Planning
Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 11
Request for an amendment to the General Plan Land Use Map to change up
to 14 acres fr om General Mixed-Use to Mixed-Use Corridor and a
request for a amend the zoning map from CRA (Commercial/Residential-
Arterial) to P (Planned Community) and a Planned Community Permit to
construct a 373-unit, 4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. o
f ground floor retail to replace 7 existing retail, office and
industrial buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square feet on a
5.7 acre site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette
Drive and Miller Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Under rev iew. Council
authorized a gatekeeper to amend the General Plan for 14-acres on the
west side San Antonio Road and rezone th e 5.7-acre project site. The
applicant submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee
(DRC) review and comment, and the E IR for the project has commenced.
Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 12
Request for an amendment to the General Plan Land Use Map to change up
to 14 acres from General Mixed-Use to Mixed-Use Corridor and a request
for a amend the zoning map from CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
to P (Planned Commun ity) and a Planned Community Permit to construct
a 373-unit, 4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground
floor retail to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial
buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre
site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and
Miller Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council authorized a
gatekeeper to amend the General Plan for 14-acres on the west side San
Antonio Road and rezone th e 5.7-acre project site. The applicant
submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee (DRC) review
and comment, and the EIR for the project has commenced. Planning Area:
San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Pla mbaeck
2015 1
Request for an amendment to the General Plan Land Use Map to change up
to 14 acres from General Mixed-Use to Mixed-Use Corridor and a request
for a amend the zoning map from CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
to P (Planned Commun ity) and a Planned Community Permit to construct
a 373-unit, 4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground
floor retail to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial
buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre
site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and
Miller Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council authorized a
gatekeeper to amend the General Plan for 14-acres on the west side San
Antonio Road and rezone th e 5.7-acre project site. The applicant
submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee (DRC) review
and comment, and the EIR for the project has commenced. Planning Area:
San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a 373-unit,
4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground floor retail
to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial buildings totaling
approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side
of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council authorized a gatekeeper to
amend the General Plan for 14-acres on the west side San Antonio Road
and rezone the 5.7-acre project site. The San Antonio Precise Plan was
adopted in December 2014, making the General Plan Amendment and Zoning
Amendments (the gatekeeper) no long necessary. The applicant submitted
plans for informal Development Review Committee (DRC) review and
comment, and the EIR for the project has commenced. Planning Area: San
Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a 373-unit,
4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground floor retail
to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial buildings totaling
approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side
of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council authorized a gatekeeper to
amend the General Plan for 14-acres on the west side San Antonio R oad
and rezone th e 5.7-acre project site. The San Antonio Precise Plan
was adopted in December 2014, making the General Plan Amendment and
Zoning Amendments (the gatekeeper) no long necessary. The applicant
submitted plans for informal Development Review Committee (DRC) review
and comment, and the EIR for the project has commenced. Planning Area:
San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plamb aeck Applicant: Prometheus
Real Estate Group
2015 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a 373-unit,
4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground floor retail
to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial buildings totaling
approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side
of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Drive. Status/Ne
xt Step(s): Under review. The San Antonio Precise Plan was adopted in
December 2014. The applicant has re submitted plans for a higher
density project (State Density Bonus) for review. Planning Area: San
Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Prometheus Real
Estate Group
2015 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a 373-unit,
4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground floor retail
to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial buildings totaling
approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the we st side
of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The San Antonio Precise Plan was
adopted in December 2014. The applicant has re submitted plans for a
higher density project (State Density Bonus) for review. Planning
Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant:
Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a 373-unit,
4-story apartment building with 10,000 sq. ft. of ground floor retail
to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial buildings totaling
approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side
of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Awaiting revisions. The San Antonio Precise Plan
was adopted in Dec ember 2014. The applicant has re submitted plans
for a higher density project (State Density Bonus) for review.
Planning Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant:
Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a 373-unit,
4-story apartment building with 10,000 square feet of ground floor
retail to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial buildings
totaling approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on th e
west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Drive.
Status/Next Step(s): Awaiting revisions. The San Antonio Precise Plan
was adopted in December 2014. The applicant has re submitted plans for
a higher density project (State Density Bonus) for review. Planning
Area: San Antonio Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck Applicant:
Prometheus Real Estate Group
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a 373-unit,
4-story apartment building with 10,000 square feet of ground floor
retail to replace 7 existing retail, office and industrial buildings
totaling approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the
west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Drive.
adopted in December 2014. The applicant has re submitted plans for a
higher density project (State Density Bonus) for review.
---
1998 -2024 Montecito Avenue 19982024montecitoavenue
2017 2
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condominium project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and would remove up to 11 Heritage trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one very low
income unit.
2017 4
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condominium project with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and would remove up to 11 Heritage trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one very low
income unit. permit extension has been filed.
2017 6
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condominium development with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replac e three apartments and a
single-family home, and would remove up to 11 Heritage trees. The
project includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one
very low income unit. Zoning Administrator hearing is scheduled June
14, 2017.
2018 1
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condominium development with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and would remove up to 11 Herit age trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one very-low
income unit.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condominium development with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and would remove up to 11 Heritage trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one very-low
income uni t.
2018 7
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-story
17-unit condominium development with underground parking on 0.93 acre
project site. The project would replace three apartments and a single-
family home, and would remove up to 11 Herit age trees. The project
includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one very-low
income unit.
2018 9
 " 
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On May 26, 2015 the City Council approved an application for a 3-
story 17-unit condominium development with underground parking on 0.93
acre project site. The project would replace three apartments and a
single-family home, and would remove up to 11 Heritage trees. The
project includes a two-unit Density Bonus request and includes one
very-low income uni t. • Project Planner: Eric Anderson • Applicant:
Stuart Welte
2019 6
On May 26, 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
with a State Density Bonus, a Development Review Permit an d a
Tentative Map to construct a 3-story, 17-unit condominium development
(with one very-low income affordable unit) with underground parking on
0.93-acre project site. The project will replace three apartments and
a single-family home and remove up to 11 Heritage trees. The project
is located on the north side of Montecito Avenue between Sierra Vista
Avenue and North Rengstorff Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
On May 26, 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit with a State Density Bonus to
construct a 3-story, 17-unit condominium development with underground
parking to replace three apartments and a single-family home, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11 Heritage trees on 0.93-acre
project site. The project site is located on the north side of
Montecito Avenue between Rengsto rff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in
the R3-2.2 (Multi ple-Family Residential) district.
2019 10
On May 26, 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit with a State Density Bonus to
construct a 3-story, 17-unit condominium development with underground
parking to replace three apartments and a single-family home, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11 Heritage trees on 0.93-acre
project site. The project site is located on the north side of
Montecito Avenue between Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in
the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 3
On May 26, 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit with a State Density Bonus to
construct a 3-story, 17-unit condominium development with underground
parking to replace three apartments and a single-family home, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Pe rmit to remove 11 Heritage trees on 0.93-acre
project site. The project site is located on the north side of
Montecito Avenue between Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in
the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On May 26, 2015, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers to construct a 3-story, 17-unit condominium
development with underground parking, replac ing three apartments and
a si ngle-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11
Heritage trees on 0.93-acre project site. The project site is located
on the north side of Montecito Avenue between Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family R esidential)
district.
2022 4
On May 26, 2015, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers to construct a 3-story, 17-unit condominium
development with underground parking, replac ing three apartments and
a single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11
Heritage trees on 0.93-acre project site. The project site is located
on the north side of Montecito Avenue between Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2022 6
On May 26, 2015, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers to construct a 3-story, 17-unit condominium
development with underground parking, replacing three apartments and a
single- family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11
Heritage trees on 0.93-acre project site. The project site is located
on the north side of Montecito Avenue between Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2022 8
On May 26, 2015, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers to construct a 3-story, 17-unit condominium
development with underground parking, replac ing three apartments and
a single- family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11
Heritage trees on 0.93-acre project site. The project site is located
on the north side of Montecito Avenue between Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
 " 
---
100 and 420 -430 Ferguson Drive  100and420430fergusondrive
2015 10
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
198 rowhouse units, a 2.76-acre public park, and new public streets.
The project site is located in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is
part of the South Whisman Master Plan. September 2015 and under
review.
2015 11
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
198 rowhouse units, a 2.76-acre public park, and new public streets.
The project site is located in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is
part of the South Whisman Master Plan. September 2015 and the
applicant is responding to comments.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
198 rowhouse units, a 2.76-acre public park, and new public streets.
The project site is located in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is
part of the South Whisman Master Plan. submitted in January 2016 and
are currently under review.
2016 3
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
198 rowhouse units, a 2.76-acre public park, and new public streets.
The project site is located in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is
part of the South Whisman Mast er Plan. submitted in January 2016 and
are currently under review.
2016 4
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
198 rowhouse units, a 2.76-acre public park, and new public streets.
The project site is located in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is
part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
198 rowhouse units, a 2.76-acre public park, and new public streets.
The project site is located in the South Whisman P recise Plan and is
part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
2017 2
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit for
198 rowhouse units, a 2.76-acre public park, and new public streets.
The project site is located in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is
part of the South Whisman Master Plan.
2017 4
 " 
2018 1
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a 198-unit rowhouse development, a
2.76-acre public park, and new public streets. The project is located
in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman
Master Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a 198-unit rowhouse development, a
2.76-acre public park, and new public streets. The project is located
i n the South Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman
Master Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a 198-unit rowhouse development, a
2.76-acre public park, and new public streets. The project is located
in the South Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman
Master Plan.
2019 4
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a 198-unit rowhouse development, a 2.76-
acre public park, and new public streets. The project is located in
the South Whisman Precise Plan and is part of the South Whisman Master
Plan.
2019 6
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
a Development Review Permit for a 198-unit rowhouse developm ent, a
new 2.76-acre public park, and new public streets. The project is
located in the P-37 (South Whisman) Precise Plan and is part of the
South Whisman Master Plan.
2019 8
In June 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a 198-unit rowhouse development, a new
2.76-acre public park, and new public streets. The project is located
in the P-37 (South Whisman) Precise Plan and is part of the South
Whisman Master Plan.
2019 10
 " 
---
779 E. Evelyn Avenue 779eevelynavenue
2015 4
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to H igh-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, and a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4- story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and ve ry-low income households with an on-site
manager unit and one-level of underground parking to replace an
existing two-story office building and a one-story commercial
building. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods. Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: ROEM
2015 5
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning distri ct, and a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4- story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low in come households with two on-site
manager unit s and one-level of underground parking to replace an
existing two-story office building and a one-story commercial
building. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods. Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: ROEM
2015 6
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, and a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4- story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low in come households with two on-site
manager unit s and one-level of underground parking to replace an
existing two-story office building and a one-story commercial
building. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods. Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: ROEM
2015 8
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, and a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4- story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and v ery-low in come households with two on-site
manager unit s and one-level of underground parking to replace an
existing two-story office building and a one-story commercial
building. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods. Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: ROEM
2015 9
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, and a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4- story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low in come households with two on-site
manager unit s and one-level of undergrou nd parking to replace an
existing two-story office building and a one-story commercial
building.
2015 10
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, and a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4- story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low in come households with two on-site
manager unit s and o ne-level of underground parking to replace an
existing two-story office building and a one-story commercial
building.
2015 11
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, a
Development Review Permit to construc t a 4-story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low in come households with two on- site
manager unit s and one-level of underground parking, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove four Heritage trees and relocate one Heritage
tree, and replace a n existing two-story office building and a one-
story commercial building.
2015 12
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low in come households with two on- site
manager unit s and one-level of underground parking, a H eritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove four Heritage trees and relocate one Heritage
tree, and replace an existing two-story office building and a one-
story commercial building.
2016 2
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, a
Development Rev iew Permit to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low in come households with two on- site
manager unit s and one-level of underground parking, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove ten Heritage trees, and replace an existing
two-story office building and a one-story commercial building.
scheduled for February 17, 2016 and the City Council hear ing is
tentatively scheduled for March 1, 2016.
2016 3
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low in come households with two on- site
manager unit s and one-level of underground parking, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove ten Heritage trees, and replace an existing
two-story office building and a one-story commercial building.
2016 4
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use
designation from General Industrial to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale
Precise Plan to R4 (High-Density Residential) zoning district, a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment
building for low- and very-low income households with two on- site
manager units and one-level of underground parking, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove ten Heritage trees, and replace an existing
two-story office building and a one-story commercial building.
Building permits are currentl y under review.
2016 6
On March 1, 2016, the City Council approved a r equest for a General
Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use designation from General
Industrial to High- Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale Precise Plan to R4 (High-
Density Residential) zoning district, a Development Review Permit to
construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-low
income households with two on-site manager units and one-level of
underground parking, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove ten
Heritage trees, and repla ce an existing two-story office building and
a one-story commercial building. review.
2016 8
On March 1, 2016, the City Council approved a r equest for a General
Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use designation from General
Industrial to High- Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale Precise Plan to R4 (High-
Density Residential) zoning distric t, a Development Review Permit to
construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-low
income households with two on-site manager units and one-level of
underground parking, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove ten
Heritage trees, and replace an existing two-story office building and
a one-story commercial building. review.
2016 10
On March 1, 2016, the City Council approved a request for a General
Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use designation from General
Industrial to High- Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale Precise Plan to R4 (High-
Density Residential) zoning district, a Development Review Permit to
construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-low
income households with two on-site manager units and one-level of
underground parking, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove ten
Heritage trees, and replace an existing two-story office building and
a one-story commercial building.
2017 2
On March 1, 2016, the City Council approved a r equest for a General
Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use designation from General
Industrial to High- Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from P(30) Sylvan-Dale Precise Plan to R4 (High-
Density Residential) zoning district, a Development Review Permit to
construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-low
income households with two on-site manager units and one-level of
underground parking, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove ten
Heritage trees, and replace an existing two-story office building and
a one-story commercial building.
2017 4
 " 
2018 1
On March 1, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map
Amendmen t to rezone the property from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan
to R4 (High-Density Residential) district, a Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apa rtment building for low- and
very-low income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to
remove ten Heritage trees. The project is located on the southwest
corner of East Evelyn Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30
(Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan.
2018 3
On March 1, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map
Amendmen t to rezone the property from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan
to R4 (High-Density Residential) district, a Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-
low income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove
ten Heritage trees. The projec t is located on the southwest corner of
East Evelyn Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30 (Sylvan-Dale)
Precise Plan.
2018 5
On March 1, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map
Amendmen t to rezone the property from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan
to R4 (High-Density Residential) district, a Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-
low income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove
10 Heritage trees. The project is located on the southwest corner of
East Evelyn Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30 (Sylvan-Dale)
Preci se Plan.
2018 7
On March 1, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map
Amendmen t to rezone the property from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan
to R4 (High-Density Residential) district, a Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartmen t building for low- and
very-low income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to
remove 10 Heritage trees. The project is located on the southwest
corner of East Evelyn Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30
(Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan.
2018 9
On March 1, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map
Amendmen t to rezone the property from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan
to R4 (High-Density Residential) district, a Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-
low income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove
10 Heritage trees. The project is located on the southwest corner of
East Evelyn Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30 (Sylvan-Dale)
Precise Plan.
---
582 Hope Street, corner of Castro & Church 582hopestreetcornerofcastrochurch
2015 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial building
along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor retail and
3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units and a 3,400
squ are foot church parish office along Hope Street; and (3) a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 4 heritage trees. This project
will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast corner
of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7, 400 sq. ft.
church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain. The
project is located on the north side of Church Street between Castro
Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Status &
Next Steps: Under Review. The appli cation is being reviewed for
completeness at this time. Planning Area: Downtown Project Planner:
Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: The Sobrato Organization and the Roman
Catholic Bishop of San Jose PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS
AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 resid ential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets a nd an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. Status & Next Steps: Under Review.
Planning Area: Downtown Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant:
The Sobrato Organization and the Roman Catholic Bishop of San Jose
PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN
CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground park ing; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. Status & Next Steps: Under Review.
Planning Area: Downtown Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant:
The Sobrato Organization and the Roman Catholic Bishop of San Jose
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
proje ct will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. Status & Next Steps: Awaiting
revisions. Planning Area: Downtown Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
Applicant: The Sobrato Organization and the Rom an Catholic Bishop of
San Jose
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parki ng lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope St reet. Jose
2015 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. T he church will
remain. The project is located on the north side of Church Street
between Castro Street and Hope Street. Jose
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-level s of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. Jose
2015 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
reta il and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. held on October 28, 2015, and a second
DRC meeting was held on December 2, 2015 to review the architectural
design of the project. Jose
2016 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office a long Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish build ing on Hope Street. The church will
remain. The project is located on the north side of Church Street
between Castro Street and Hope Street. was held on October 28, 2015,
and a se cond DRC meeting was held on December 2, 2015 to review the
architectural design of the project. A third DRC meeting is
tentatively scheduled for March 2016. Jose
2016 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surfa ce parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. March 2, 2016. Jose
2016 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parki ng lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope St reet. hearings are tentatively scheduled for
April 27, 2016 and May 24, 2016, respectively. Jose
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 resid ential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets a nd an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. the project at a public hearing on
April 27, 2016. The City Council approved the project at a public
hearing on May 24, 2016. Jose
2016 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 resid ential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets a nd an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. Building permit plans are under review.
Jose
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 resid ential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets a nd an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. activities are underway. Jose
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8, 000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. underway. B uilding construction is
expected to begin by early 2017. Jose
2017 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a mixed-use
development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial
building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 resid ential units
and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and
(3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This
project will replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast
corner of Castro and Church Streets a nd an existing one-story, 7,400
sq. ft. church parish building on Hope Street. The church will remain.
The project is located on the north side of Church Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street. expected to be complete by September
2018. Jose
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
mixed- use development with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot
commercial building along Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of
ground-floor retail and 3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12
residential units and a 3,400 square foot church parish office along
Hope Street; and (3) a Heritage T ree Removal Permit to remove 4
Heritage trees. This project will repl ace an existing surface parking
lot at the northeast corner of Castro and Church Streets and an
existing one-story, 7,400 square foot church parish building on Hope
Street. The project is located on the north side of Church Street
between Castro Street an d Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise
Plan. September 2018. Jose
2018 1
On May 24, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-use development
with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial building along
Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor retail and
3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units and a 3,400
square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and (3) a Heritage
T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This project will
replace an existing surfa ce parking lot at the northeast corner of
Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400 square foot
church parish building on Hope Street. The project is located on the
north side of Church Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Jose
2018 3
On May 24, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-use development
with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial building along
Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor retail and
3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential units and a 3,400
square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and (3) a Heritage
T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This project will
replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast corner of
Castro and Church Streets and an existing one-story, 7,400 square foot
church parish building on Hope Street. The project is located on the
north side of Church Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Jose
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On May 24, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-use development
with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial building along
Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor retail and
3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential un its and a 3,400
square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and (3) a Heritage
T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This project will
replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast corner of
Castro and Church Streets and an exi sting one-story, 7,400 square
foot church parish building on Hope Street. The project is located on
the north side of Church Street between Castro Street and Hope Street
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Jose
---
410-414 Sierra Vista Avenue  410414sierravistaavenue
2017 6
Planned Unit Development, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map
for a new 14-unit rowhouse development on a 0.84 acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
San Luis Avenue and S an Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (M ultiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 1
Request for a Planned Unit Development, Development Review Permit, and
a Tentative Map for a 14-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees on a 0.84 acre project
site. The project is located on the west side of Sierra Vi sta Avenue
between San Luis Avenue and San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On June 19, 2018 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development,
Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map for a 14-unit rowhouse
development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three
Heritage trees on a 0.84 acre project site. The project is located on
the west side of Sierra Vis ta Avenue between San Luis Avenue and San
Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 9
On June 19, 2018 the City Cou ncil approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map for a
14-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove three Heritage trees on a 0.84 acre project site. The project
is located on the west side of Sierra Vis ta Avenue between San Luis
Avenue and San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
On June 19, 2018 the City Cou ncil approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map for a
14-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove three Heritage trees on a 0.84 acre project site. The project
is located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis
Avenue and San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 4
On June 19, 2018 the City Cou ncil approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map for a 14-
unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
three Heritage trees on a 0.84 acre project site. The project is
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis
Avenue and San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family R
esidential) district. • Applicant: The DeNardi Group
2019 6
On June 19, 2018, the City Council approved a Pl anned Unit
Development, a Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map for a
14-un it rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove three Heritage trees on a 0.84-acre project site. The project
is located on the west side of Sierra Vist a Avenue between San Luis
Avenue and San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multipl e-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
On June 19, 2018, the City Cou ncil approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map to
construct a 14-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees on a 0.84-acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San
Luis Avenue and San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) distric t.
2019 10
On June 19, 2018, the City Cou ncil approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map to
construct a 14-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees on a 0.84-acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San
Luis Avenue and San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2020 3
On June 19, 2018, the City Cou ncil approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a 14-unit
rowhouse development on a 0.84-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to
create 14 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis Avenue and
San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
Request for a one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Unit Development
and Development Review Permit to construct a 14-unit rowhouse
development on a 0.84-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create
14 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located on the
west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis Avenue and Sa n
Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 2
On July 8, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
jointly approved a one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a 14-unit
rowhouse development on a 0.84-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to
create 14 residential lots and one comm on lot. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis Avenue and
San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
On July 8, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
jointly approved a one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a 14-unit
rowhouse development on a 0.84-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to
create 14 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis Avenue and
San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
On July 8, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
jointly approved a one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a 14-unit
rowhouse development on a 0.84-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to
create 14 residenti al lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis Avenue and
San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 12
On July 8, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
jointly approved a one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a 14-unit
rowhouse development on a 0.84-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to
create 14 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis Avenue and
San Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2023 2
On July 8, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
jointly approved a one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Pe rmit to construct a 14-unit
rowhouse development on a 0.84-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to
create 14 residential lots and one common lot. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between San Luis Avenue and Sa
n Ramon Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
---
250 Bryant St.  250bryantst
2013 8
In July 2013, Council approved a three- story, 68,000 square foot
office building at the Dunn’s Automotive site. Demolition is expected
to begin in July 2013, with construction in August 2013 and completion
by December 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
In July 2013, Council approved a three- story, 68,000 square foot
office building at the Dunn’s Automotive site. Demolition occurred in
August and construction will begin in October 2013 and completion by
December 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 11
In July 2013, Council approved a three- story, 68,000 square foot
office building at the Dunn’s Automotive site. Construction has
commenced and completion is anticipated by December 2014. (Central
Neighborhoods Planning Area) (Rebecca Shapiro)
2013 12
In July 2013, Council approved a three- story, 68,000 square foot
office building. Construction started in October 2013 and completion
is anticipated by December 2014.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
 " 
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction is underway and is
expected to be completed by December 2014. Planning Area: Cen tral
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 8
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 squa re of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction is underway and is
expected to be completed by December 2014. Planning Area: Cen tral
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 10
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Ste p(s): Construction is underway and is
expected to be completed by January 2015. Planning Area: Cen tral
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 11
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction is underway and is
expected to be completed by January 2015. Planning Area: Cen tral
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 12
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction is underway and is
expected to be completed by January 2015. Tenant improvements will
follow after building completion. Planning Area: Cen tral
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2015 1
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Ste p(s): Construction is underway and is
expected to be completed by January 2015. Building permits for tenant
improvements have been submitted and are currently under review.
Planning Area: Cen tral Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2015 2
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step(s): Construction is underway and is
expected to be completed by January 2015. Building permits for tenant
improvements have been submitted and are currently under review.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2015 3
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction of the building
exterior (core + shell) is expected to be completed by May 2015.
Building Permits for tenant improvements have been approved and
construction is under way for occupancy mid-year. Planning Area: Cen
tral Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: 250
Bryant Mountain View LLC
2015 4
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction of the building
exterior (core + shell) is expected to be completed by May 2015.
Building Permits for tenant improvements have been approved and
construction is under way for occupancy mid-year. Planning Area: Cen
tral Neighborhood s Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: 250
Bryant Mountain View LLC / Smith Equities
2015 5
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction of the building
exterior (core + shell) is expected to be completed by May 2015.
Building Permits for tenant improvements have been approved and
construction is under way for occupancy mid-year. Planning Area: Cen
tral Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: 250
Bryant Mountain View LLC / Smith Equities
2015 6
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction of the building
exterior (core + shell) is expected to be completed by June 2015.
Interior tenant improvements are under construction and building
occupancy is expected by July 2015. Planning Area: Cen tral
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: 250 Bryant
Mountain View LLC / Smith Equities
2015 8
In July 2013, the City Council approved a 67,772 square foot, three-
story office building on a 1.13 acre site at the corner of Bryant
Street and West Dana Street. The building replaces existing commercial
structures and creates approximately 56,000 square of net new
development. Status/Next Step (s): Construction is nearl y complete
and building occupancy is expected in July/August 2015. Planning Area:
Cen tral Neighborhoods Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: 250
Bryant Mountain View LLC / Smith Equities
---
2268 W. El Camino Real 2268welcaminoreal
2015 8
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a n ew 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre
site replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property i s located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Status /
Next Step(s): Awaiting revisions. Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
Applicant: Lennar
2015 9
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Cent er and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2015 10
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2015 11
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Str eet between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2015 12
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial stru ctures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2016 2
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2. 6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street betw een Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2016 3
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tre e Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2016 4
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2016 6
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Oliv e Tree Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2016 8
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tr ee Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2016 10
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Cent er and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. and EPC
on December 7, 2016.
2017 2
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center and 4
single-story commercial stru ctures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. 2017.
2017 4
In June, the applicant applied for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit residential
apartment project with underground parking on a 2.6 acre site
replacing the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Cent er and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street. This property is located on the north side of West El Camino
Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. 2017.
Building permit p lans are under review.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 3 to
4 story, 204-unit residential apartment project with underground
parking and 4 single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real
and Latham Street to replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree
Shopping Center on a 2.6 acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of West El Camino Real and the south side Latham Street
between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan. 2017. Building permit p lans are under
review.
2018 1
On February 28, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking and 4 single-
story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham Street to
replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on a 2.6
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengs torff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 3
On February 28, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Revie w Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking and 4 single-
story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham Street to
replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on a 2.6
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 5
On February 28, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking and 4 single-
story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham Street to
replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on a 2.6
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
 " 
2018 11
On February 28, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking and 4 single-
story commercial structure s along El Camino Real and Latham Street to
replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on a 2.6
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and
Sou th Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 2
On February 28, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking and 4 single-
story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham Street to
replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on a 2.6
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
186 East Middlefield Rd. 186eastmiddlefieldrd
2015 3
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
rowhouse project, replacing several small residential structures. The
project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not affect the
structures facing East Middlefield Rd. Status/Next Step(s): Under
Review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson
Applicant: DiNardi Homes
2015 4
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
rowhouse project, replacing several small residential structures. The
project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not affect the
structures facing East Midd lefield Rd. Status/Next Step(s): Under
Review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson
Applicant: DiNardi Homes
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
rowhouse project, replacing several small residential structures. The
project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not affect the
structures facing East Middlefield Rd. Status/Next Step(s): Awaiting
revisions. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric
Anderson Applicant: DiNardi Homes
2015 8
 " 
2015 9
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
rowhouse project, replacing several small residential structures. In
August 2015 it was revised to an 8-unit condominium project over a
shared parking podium.The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave.
and will not affect the struc tures facing East Middlefield Rd.
2015 10
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
rowhouse project, replacing several small residential structures. In
August 2015 it was revised to an 8-unit condominium project over a
shared parking podium. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave.
and will not remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd.
2015 11
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project, replacing several small residential structures
and a request to remove up to six Heritage trees. In August 2015 it
was revised to an 8-unit cond ominium project over a shared parking
podium. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not
remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd.
2015 12
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project, replacing several small residential structures
and a request to remove up to six Heritage trees. In August 2015 it
was revised to an 8-unit condominium project over a shared parking
podium. The project will be or iented toward Flynn Ave. and will not
remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd.
2016 2
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project, replacing several small residential structures
and a request to remove u p to six Heritage trees. In August 2015 it
was revised to an 8-unit condominium project over a shared parking
podium. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not
remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd. for February 3,
2016.
2016 3
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project, replacing several small residential structures
and a request to remove up to six Heritage trees. In August 2015 it
was revised to an 8-unit condominium project over a shar ed parking
podium. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not
remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd. for March 16, 2016.
2016 4
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project, replacing several small residential structures
and a request to remove up to six Heritage trees. In August 2015 it
was revised to an 8-unit condominium project over a shared parking
podium. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not
remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd. tentatively
scheduled for April 27, 2016. A City Council hear ing is tentatively
scheduled for May 1 7, 2016.
2016 6
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project, replacing several small residential structures
and a request to remove up to four Heritage trees. In August 2015 it
was revised to an 8-unit condominium project over a shared parking
podium. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not
remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd. 17, 2016.
2016 8
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project over a shared parking podium, replacing several
small residential structures and a request to remove up to four
Heritage trees. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and
will not remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd. 17, 2016.
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project over a shared parking podium, replacing several
small residential structures and a request to remove up to four
Heritage trees. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and
will not remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd. 17, 2016.
Building permit plans are under review.
2017 4
In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit
condominium project over a shared parking podium, replacing several
small residential structures and a request to remove up to four
Heritage trees. The project will be oriented to ward Flynn Ave. and
will not remove the structures facing East Middlefield Rd. 17, 2016.
Building permit plans are under review.
2018 1
On May 17, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit condominium
project over a shared parking podium, replacing several small
residential structures and a request to remove four Heritage tree s.
The project wi ll be oriented toward Flynn Avenue and will not remove
the structures facing East Middlefield Rd.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
On May 17, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a n 8-unit condominium
project over a shared parking podium, replacing several small
residential structures and a request to remove four Heritage trees.
The project wi ll be oriented toward Flynn Avenue and will not remove
the structures facing East Middlefield Rd.
2018 7
 " 
---
1854 El Camino Real W. 1854elcaminorealw
2013 10
In September 2013, Residence Inn applied for a new Gatehouse building
with new reception, lobby, and breakfast rooms.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In September 2013, Residence Inn applied for a new Gatehouse building
with new reception, lobby, and breakfast rooms. A final Administrative
Zoning hearing is expected in 2014.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
 " 
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of a
7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on a
3.22 acre project site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. A DRC meeting is tentatively scheduled for July 2, 2014. A
final Administrative Zoning hearing is anticipated in fall 2014.
Planning Area: El Camin o Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 8
Request for a Development Rev iew Permit to allow the construction of
a 7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building,
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on
a 3.22 acre project site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Under
review. A Development Review C ommittee (DRC) meeting is tentatively
scheduled for July 2, 2014. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is
anticipated in fall 2014. Planning Area: El Camino Real Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 10
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of a
7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on a
3.22 acre proje ct site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The Zoning Administrator approved the project at a public
hearing on September 10, 2014. The applicant intends to submit for
Building Permit in fall 2014. Planning Area: El Camino Real Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 11
Request for a Development Review Per mit to allow the construction of
a 7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building,
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on
a 3.22 acre project site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, betwee n Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The Zoning Administrator approved the project at a public
hearing on September 10, 2014. The applicant intends to submit for
Building Permit in fall 2014. Planning Area: El Camino Real Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi
2014 12
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of a
7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on a
3.22 acre project site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The Zoning Administrator approved the project at a public
hearing on September 10, 2014. The applicant intends to submit for
Building Permit in fall 2014. Planning Area: El Camino Real Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 1
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of a
7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on a
3.22 acre projec t site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The Zoning Administrator approved the project at a public
hearing on September 10, 2014. The applicant intends to submit for
Building Permit in fall 2014. Planning Area: El Camino Real Project
Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 2
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of a
7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on a
3.22 acre project site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The Zoning Administrator approved the project at a public
hearing on September 10, 2014. The applicant submitted building permit
plans, and staff is currently reviewing the plans. Planning Area: El
Camino Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 3
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of a
7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on a
3.22 acre project site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The Zoning Administrator approved the project at a public
hearing on September 10, 2014. The applicant submitted building permit
plans, and staff is currently reviewing the plans. Planning Area: El
Camino Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: DLR Group
2015 4
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of a
7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on a
3.22 acre project site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The Zoning Administrator approved the project at a public
hearing on September 10, 2014. The applicant submitted building permit
plans, and staff is curr ently reviewing the plans. Planning Area: El
Camino Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: DLR Group
2015 5
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of a
7,844 square foot hotel gatehouse, 13,046 hotel guesthouse building, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 6 heritage trees on a
3.22 acre project site, located on the north side of El Camino Real
West, between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. The Zoning Administrator approved the project at a public
hearing on September 10, 2014. Building permit plans are under review.
Planning Area: El Cami no Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
Applicant: DLR Group
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Application has been
submitted. Staff review is underway. Planning Area: El Camino Real
Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: DLR Group
2015 9
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. underway.
2015 10
Request for a Development Review Pe rmit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. underway.
---
167 N. Whisman Rd . 167nwhismanrd
2013 10
In September 2013, plans for a 2- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0. 3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan was
submitted. Final City action is expected in early 2014.
2013 11
In September 2013, plans for a 2- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan w ere
submitted. Final City action is expected in early 2014.
2013 12
In September 2013, plans for a 2- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan w ere
submitted. Final City action is expected in mid-2014. (Scott
Plambaeck)
2014 1
In September 2013, plans for a 2- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan w ere
submitted. Final City action is expected in mid-2014.
2014 2
In September 2013, plans for a 2-unit small-lo t single family
subdivision on 0.3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan were subm
itted. Final City action is expected in mid-2014.
2014 3
In September 2013, plans for a 2- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan w ere
submitted. Final City action is expected in fall 2014.
2014 4
In September 2013, plans for a 2-unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan w ere
submitted. Final City action is expected in fall 2014.
2014 6
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. The application will be reviewed by the Development
Review Committee in the summer of 2014. T he Zoning Administrator will
likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to take final action on
the project in the fall of 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 8
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in t he Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. The application will likely be reviewed by the
Development Review Committee in the summer of 2014. The Zoning
Administrator will likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to
take fi nal action on the project in the fall of 2014. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 10
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. The application will likely be reviewed by the
Development Review Committee in the fall of 2014. The Zoning
Administrator will likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to
take final action on the project in the winter of 2014. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 11
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. The application will likely be reviewed by the
Development Review Committee in the fall of 2014. The Zoning
Administrator will likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to
take final action on the project in the early 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
2014 12
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. The Zoning Administrator will likely hold an
administrative zoning hearing to take final action on the project in
the early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Elizabeth Cramblet
2015 1
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. The Zoning Administrator will likely hold an
administrative zoning hearing to take final action on the project in
early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Elizabeth
Cramblet
2015 3
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. Staff is awaiting project revisions. The Zoning
Administrator will like ly hold an administrative zoning hearing to
take fi nal action on the project in Spring 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet Applicant: Jose
Rama (Architect); Ian Anderson
2015 4
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. Staff is awaiting project revisions. The Zoning
Administrator will likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to
take fi nal action on the project in late Summe r 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet Applicant: Jose
Rama (Architect); Ian Anderson
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. Staff is awaiting project revisi ons. The Zoning
Administrator will likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to
take fi nal action on the project in early fall 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet Applicant: Jose
Rama (Architect); Ian Anderson
2015 8
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Status/Next Step(s):
Under review. Staff is awaiting project revisions. The Zoning
Administrator will likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to
take fi nal act ion on the project in early fall 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet Applicant: Jose
Rama (Architect); Ian Anderson
2015 9
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Zoning Administrator
will likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to take fi nal
action on the project in early fall 2015. Project Planner:  Scott
Plambaeck
2015 10
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Zoning Administrator
will likely hold an administrative zonin g hearing to take fi nal
action on the project in early fall 2015.
2015 11
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. Zoning Administrator
will likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to take fi nal
action on the project in early fall 2015.
---
137 Easy St . 137easyst
2013 8
In June 2013, Robson Homes received Council approval to construct a 21
unit rowhouse project. Building permits are expected in August 2013,
construction to begin by March 2014 with completion expected in
December 2014.
2013 9
In June 2013, Robson Homes received Council approval to construct a 21
unit rowhouse project. Building permits are expected in September
2013, construction to begin by March 2014 with completion expected in
December 2014.
2013 10
In June 2013, Council approved a 21 unit rowhouse project. Building
permits are expected in September 2013, construction to begin by March
2014 with completion expected in December 2014.
2013 11
In June 2013, Council approved a 21 unit rowhouse project.
Construction is anticipated to begin by March 2014 with completion in
December 2014. (Lindsay Hagan)
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In June 2013, Council approved a 21 unit rowhouse project.
Construction is anticipated to begin by March 2014 with completion in
2015.
2014 4
In June 2013, Council approved a 21 unit rowhouse project.
Construction is anticipated to begin by March 2014 with completion
mid-2015.
2014 6
In June 2013, the City Council approved a 21-unit rowhouse project
with a new private street on a 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.) project
site. Status/Next Step(s): Appr oved. Building permits were issued in
May 2014 with construction expected to be completed in mid-2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 8
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes the d emolition
of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permits were
issued in May 2014 and construction has begun with completion is
anticipated in mid-2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisma n Project
Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 10
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes the demolition
of a duplex tha t currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building permits were
issued in May 2014 and construction has begun with completion is
anticipated in mid-2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 11
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes the de molition
of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constru ction has begun
with completion anticipated in mid-2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 12
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes the demolition
of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constru ction has begun
with completion anticipated in mid-2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Pla nner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 1
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes the d emolition
of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constru ction has begun
with completion anticipated in mid-2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 2
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes the demolition
of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction has begun
with completion anticipated in mid-2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2015 3
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes the demolition
of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constru ction has b egun
with completion anticipated in April 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Robson Homes
2015 4
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes t he demolition
of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constru ction has begun
with completion anticipated in April 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Robson Homes
2015 5
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21-unit rowhouse
project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree removal permit
to remove 8 Heritage Trees. The project also includes the demolition
of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre (58,387 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constru ction has begun
with completion anticipated in summer 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan Applicant: Robson Homes
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
In June 2013, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment to
rezone the property from R3 to R3-2 (Multiple Family Residential)
district, and a Planned Unit Development Permit for a 21- unit
rowhouse project with a new private street, and a Heritage Tree
removal permit to remove 8 Heritage Tree s. The project also includes
the demolition of a duplex that currently sits on the 1.34 acre
(58,387 sq. ft.) project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Constru
ction has begun with completion anticipated in September 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
Applicant: Robson Homes
---
135 Ada Ave. 135adaave
2013 8
In October 2012, TriPointe Homes received Council approval to
construct a 59 unit rowhouse project. Building permits were submitted
in F ebruary 2013 and are currently being reviewed. Construction is
expected to begin by September 2013 with completion expected in spring
2015. (Nancy Minicucci)
2013 9
In October 2012, TriPointe Homes received Council approval to
construct a 59 unit rowhouse project. Building permits were approved
in August 2013. Construction is expected to begin by September 2013
with completion expected in spring 2015. (Nancy Minicucci)
2013 10
In October 2012, Council approv ed a 59 unit rowhouse project.
Construction began in September 2013 with completion expected in
spring 2015.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In October 2012, Council approved a 59 unit rowhouse project.
Construction began in September 2013 with completion expected in
spring 2015.
2014 3
In October 2012, Council approv ed a 59 unit rowhouse project.
Construction began in September 2013 with completion expected in
spring 2015.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The project
is currently under construction and is expected to be completed by
Decemb er 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy
Minicucci
2014 8
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The project
is currently under construction and is expected to be completed by
December 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy
Minicucci
2014 10
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building
Permits were issued in September 2014 and construction has begun with
completion anticipated in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 11
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building
Permits were issued in Se ptember 2014 and construction has begun with
completion anticipated in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 12
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction has begun with completion anticipated in April 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
has begun with completion anticipated in April 2015. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 3
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction has begun with completion anticipated in April 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
Applicant: Tripointe Homes
2015 4
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction has begun with completion anticipated in April 2015.
Plannin g Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
Applicant: Tripointe Homes
2015 5
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction has begun with completion anticipated in June 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
Applicant: Tripointe Homes
2015 6
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction has begun with completion anticipated in July 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
Applicant: Tripointe Homes
2015 8
In October 2012, the City Council approved a 59-unit rowhouse project
with two common spaces on a 4.5-acre site near the corner of Ada
Avenue and Minaret Avenue. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction has begun with completion anticipated in August 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
Applicant: Tripointe Homes
---
982 Bonita Avenue 982bonitaavenue
2018 1
Request for a Planned Unit Development and a Development Review Permit
to demolish 4 existing residential units to construct eight
condominiums with below grade pa rking and a Heritage Tree Removal
perm it to remove six Heritage Trees on 0.47 acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Bonita Avenue between West El
Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) d istrict. Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2018 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development and a Development Review Permit
to demolish 4 existing residential units to construct eight
condominiums with below grade pa rking and a Heritage Tree Removal
perm it to remove three Heritage Trees on 0.47 acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Bonita Avenue between West El
Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) d istrict. Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2018 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development and a Development Review Permit
to demolish 4 existing residential units to construct eight
condominiums with below grade pa rking and a Heritage Tree Removal
perm it to remove three Heritage Trees on 0.47 acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Bonita Avenue between West El
Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5 (Mul tiple-Family
Residential) d istrict. Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2018 7
On May 15, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to demolish 4 existing residential
units to construct eight condominiums with below grade pa rking and a
Heritage Tree Removal perm it to remove three Heritage Trees on 0.47
acre project site. The project is located on the east side of Bonita
Avenue between West El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5
(Multiple-Family Residential) d istrict. Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2018 9
On May 15, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to demolish 4 existing residential
units to construct eight condominiums with below grade parking and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove three Heritage Tre es on 0.47
acre project site. The project is located on the east side of Bonita
Avenue between West El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5
(Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2018 11
On May 15, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to demolish 4 existing residential
units to construct eight condominiums with below grade parking and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove three Heritage Trees on 0.47
acre project site. The project is located on the east side of Bonita
Avenue between West El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5
(Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On May 15, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to demolish 4 existing residential
units to construct eight condominiums with below grade parking and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove three Heritage Trees on 0.47
acre project site. The project is located on the east side of Bonita
Avenue between West El Camino Real and Han s Avenue in the R3-1.5
(Multiple- Family Residential) district. • Applicant: Bill Maston
Architects & Associates
2019 6
On May 15, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to demolish 4 existi ng residential
units to construct eight condominiums with below grade parking and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove three Heritage Trees on
0.47-acre project site. The project is located on the east side of
Bonita Avenue between West El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the
R3-1.5 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2019 8
On May 15, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to construct eight condominiums with
below grade parking to replace 4 existing residential units and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees on
0.47-acre project site. The project is located on the east side of
Bonita Avenue between W est El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the
R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 10
On May 15, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to construct eight condominiums with
below grade parking to replace 4 existing residential units and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees on
0.47-acre project site. The proj ect is located on the east side of
Bonita Avenue between West El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the
R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 3
On May 15, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to construct eight condominiums with
below grade parking to replace 4 existing residential units on
0.47-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create eight condominium units
and a common lot. The project is located on the east side of Bonita
Avenue between West El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
Request for a one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit to construct eight condominiums with
below grade parking to replace 4 existing residential units on
0.47-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three
Heritage trees; and a Tenta tive Map to create eight condominium units
and a common lot. The project is located on the east side of Bonita
Avenue between West El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 2
On April 2, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a previously approved Planned Unit Development Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct eight condominium units
above an underground parking garage and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove three Heritage trees on a 0.47-acre project site. This
project is located on the west sid e of Bonita Avenue between West El
Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 4
On April 2, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a previously approved Planned Unit Development Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct eight condominium units
above an underground parking garage and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove three Heritage trees on a 0.47-acre project site. This p
roject PROJECTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION is located on the west side of
Bonita Avenue between West El Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the
R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 6
On April 2, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a previously approved Planned Unit Development Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct eight condominium units
above an underground parking garage and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove three Heritage trees on a 0.47-acre project site. This
project is located on the west side of Bonita Avenue between West El
Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 8
On April 2, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a previously approved Planned Unit Development Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct eight condominium units
above an underground parking garage and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove three Heritage trees on a 0.47-acre project site. This
project is located on the west sid e of Bonita Avenue between West El
Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On April 2, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year Permit
Extension for a previously approved Planned Unit Development Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct eight condominium units
above an underground parking garage and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove three Heritage trees on a 0.47-acre project site. This p
roject is located on the west side of Bonita Avenue between West El
Camino Real and Hans Avenue in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2023 2
 " 
---
1045 -1085 La Avenida Street 10451085laavenidastreet
2015 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish three office
buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2 & 5),
construct a new six-story main office building and a new three-level
parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of
36 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet
to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space. The 32-acre
project site is located at the southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue
and Macon Avenue in the P- 39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
Status/ Next Steps(s): Under Review Planning Area: North Bayshore
Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Microsoft
2015 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish three office
buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2 & 5),
construct a new six-story main office building and a new three- level
parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit fo r the removal of
36 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet
to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space. The 32-acre
project site is located at the southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue
and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
Status/ Next Steps(s): Under Review Planning Area: North Bayshore
Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Microsoft
2015 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish three office
buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2 & 5),
construct a new six-story main office building and a new three- level
parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of
36 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet
to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space. The 32- acre
project site is located at the southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue
and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
Status/ Next Steps(s): Under Review Planning Area: North Bayshore
Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Microsoft
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish three office
buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2 & 5),
construct a new six-story main office building and a new three-level
parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of
36 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet
to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space. The 32-acre
project site is located at the southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue
and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
Status/ Next Steps(s): Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: North
Bayshore Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Microsoft
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish three office
buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2 & 5),
construct a new six-story main office building and a new three-level
parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit fo r the removal of
36 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet
to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space. The 32-acre
project site is locate d at the southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue
and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
Status/Next Steps(s): Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: North
Bayshore Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Microsoft
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish three office
buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2 & 5),
construct a new six-story main office building and a new three-level
parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of
36 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet
to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space. The 32-acre
project site is locate d at the southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue
and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2015 10
 " 
2015 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish three office
buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2 & 5),
construct a new six-story main office building and a new three-level
parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit fo r the removal of
36 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet
to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space. The 32-acre
project site is locate d at the southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue
and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
Informal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to
demolish three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing
office bui ldings (2 & 5), construct a new two to three story main
office building and a new three-level parking garage, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 90 Heritage trees. The net new
square footage is 128,000 square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re
feet of office space. The 32-acre project site is locate d at the
southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue and Macon Avenue in the P-39
(North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2016 3
Informal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to
demolish three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing
office buildings (2 & 5), construct a new two story main office
building and a new four-level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 90 Heritage trees. The net new squ
are footage is 128,000 square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re
feet of office space. The 32-acre project site is locate d at the
southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue and Macon Avenue in the P-39
(North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2016 4
Informal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to
demolish three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing
office buildings (2 & 5), construct a new two story main offi ce
building and a new four-level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 90 Heritage trees. The net new
square footage is 128,000 square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re
feet of office space. The 32-acre project site is loc ated at the
southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue and Macon Avenue in the P-39
(North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
2016 6
Informal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to
demolish three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing
office buildings (2 & 5), construct a new two story main office
building and a n ew four-level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 90 Heritage trees. The net new
square footage is 128,000 square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re
feet of office space. The 32-acre project site is locate d at the
southeast corner of La Avenida Avenue and Macon Avenue in the P-39
(North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan. (DRC) meeting on June 1, 2016.
2016 8
Informal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to
demolish three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing
office buildings (2 & 5), construct a new two story main office
building and a new four-level parking gara ge, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 90 Heritage trees. The net new
square footage is 128,000 square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re
feet of office space. The 32-acre project site is locate d at the
southeast corner of La Avenida Av enue and Macon Avenue in the P-39
(North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan. ‘ application is expected in
September 2016.
2016 10
Formal review of a request for a Planned Community P ermit to demolish
three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office
buildings (2 & 5), construct a new two story main office building and
a new four-level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of 90 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is
128,000 square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office
space. The 32-acre project site is locate d at the southeast corner of
La Avenida Avenue and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014)
Prec ise Plan. ‘ application is currently under review.
2017 2
Formal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish
three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office
buildings (2 & 5), construct a new two story main office building and
a new four-level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is
128,000 square f eet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office
space. The 32-acre project site is locate d at the southeast corner of
La Avenida Avenue and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014)
Precise Plan. 2017. Building permit plans expected to be submitted in
the near future.
2017 4
Formal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to demolish
three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office
buildings (2 & 5), construct a new two story main office building and
a new four-level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is
128,000 square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office
space. The 32-acre project site is locate d at the southeast corner of
La Avenida Avenue and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014)
Prec ise Plan. 2017.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish
three office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office
buildings (2 & 5), construct a new two story main office building and
a new four-level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is
128,000 square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office
space on a 32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the so
utheast corner of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North
Bayshore) Precise Plan. 2017.
2018 1
On February 8, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two story main office building and a new four-
level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000
square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of offic e space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2018 3
On February 8, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two story main office building and a new four-
level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000
square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Pre cise
Plan.
---
1001 North Shoreline Boulevard 1001northshorelineboulevard
2013 5
In November 2012, Calvano Development applied for permits to construct
a 29,070 square foot (0.35 FAR), three-story office building. Staff is
awaiting revised plans from the applicant.
2013 6
 " 
2013 7
In November 2012, Calvano Development applied for permits to construct
a 29,070 square foot (0.35 FAR), three-story office building. Staff is
awaiting revised plans from the applicant. (Lindsay Hagan)
2018 7
Request for a Rezone from ML (Limited Indust rial) to P (Planned
Community), Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new seven-story residential structure with two levels of
podium par king and 203 apartment units, new seven-story residential
structure with two levels of podium parking and 100 condominium units,
and a six-story office parking structure to accommodate parking for
the existing on-site office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The
project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline Boule
vard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts.
2018 9
Request for a Rezone from ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned
Community), Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new seven-story residential structure with two levels of
podium parking and 203 apar tment units, new seven-story residential
structure with two levels of podium parking and 100 condominium units,
and a six-story office parking structure to accommodate parking for
the existing on- site office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The
project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline
Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts.
2018 11
Request for a Rezone from ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned
Community), Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new seven-story residential structure with two levels of
podium parking and 203 apa rtment units, new seven-story residential
structure with two levels of podium parking and 100 condominium units,
and a six-story office parking structure to accommodate parking for
the existing on- site office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The
project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline
Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts.
2019 2
Request for a Rezone from ML (Limited Industrial) to P (Planned
Community), Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new seven-story residential structure with two levels of
podium parking and 203 apartment units, new seven-story residenti al
structure with two levels of podium parking and 100 condominium units,
and a six-story office parking structure to accommodate parking for
the existing on- site office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The
project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline
Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts.
2019 4
Request for a Rezone from ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General
Industrial) to P (Planned Community), and a General Plan Amendment fro
m General Plan Industrial to Mixed Use Center Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a new eight-story
residential structure with two levels of podium parking and 203
apartment units, new seven-story residential structure with two levels
of podium parking and 100 condominium units, and a six-level office
parking structure to accommodate parking for the existing on-site
office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23
Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The project is located on
the northeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella
Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial)
districts.
2019 6
Request for a rezone from ML (Limited Industri al) and MM (General
Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community) district, and a General
Plan Map Amendment from General Plan Industrial to Mixed-Use Center, a
Planned Community Permit, and a Development Review Permit to construct
a new eight-story residential structure with two levels of podium
parking and 203 apartment units, new seven-stor y residential
structure with two levels of podium parking, and 100 condominium
units, an d a six-level office parking structure to accommodate
parking for the existing on-site office building, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site.
The project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline
Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts.
2019 8
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Industrial to Mixed Use
Center, a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community) district, a
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
new seven-story, 203 residentia l unit apartment building with two
levels of podium parking, a new seven-story, 100 residential unit
condominium building with two levels of podium parking, and a six-
level office parking structure to accommodate parking for the existing
office building on-site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
23 Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The project is located
on the northeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella
Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial)
districts. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area:
Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Clarissa Burke Applicant: Sares
Regis
2019 10
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Industrial to Mixed Use
Center; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community) district; a
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
new seven-story, 203 residential unit apartment building with two
levels of podium parking, a new seven-story, 100 residential unit
condominium building with two levels of podium parking, and a six-
level parking structure to accommodate parking for the existing office
building on-site; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23
Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The project is located on
the northeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella
Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial)
districts. circulating for public review and comment until November
12, 2019.
2020 3
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
Mixed Use Center and related General Plan text amendment s; a Zoning
Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial)
districts to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a seven-story, 203
unit apartment building with two levels of podium parking, a seven-
story, 100 condominium-unit building with two levels of podium
parking, and a six-level parking structure to accommodate the existing
111,443 square foot office building to remain on a 7.8- acre project
site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage trees; and
a Tentative Tract Map to subdivide one existing parcel into five
parcels associated with an office building, parking garage, two
residential buildings, and a common lot. The project is located on the
northeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue
in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (Ge neral Industrial) districts.
hearing on March 18, 2020 and tentatively scheduled for a City Council
public hearing for a final decision in April 2020.
2020 5
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
Mixed Use Center and related General Plan text amendment s; a Zoning
Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial)
districts to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a seven-story, 203
unit apartment building with two levels of podium parking, a seven-
story, 100 condominium-unit building with two levels of podium
parking, and a six-level parking structure to accommodate the existing
111,443 square foot office building to remain on a 7.8- acre project
site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage trees; and
a Tentative Tract Map to subdivide one existing parcel into five
parcels associated with an office building, parking garage, two
residential buildings, and a common lot. The project is located on the
northeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue
in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) d istricts.
public hearing on May 6, 2020. A City Council public hearing for a
final decision is tentatively scheduled for June 30, 2020.
2022 2
On August 25, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map Amendment
from General Industrial to Mixed Use Center and related General Plan
text amendments; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
and MM (General Industrial) districts to P (Planne d Community)
district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 203 unit apartment building with two levels of
podium parking, a 7-story, 100 condominium-unit building with two
levels of podium parking, and a six-level parking structure to
accommodate the existing 111,443 square foot office building to remain
2022 4
On August 25, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map Amendment
from General Industrial to Mixed Use Center and related General Plan
text amendments; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
and MM (General Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community)
district; a Planned Communi ty Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 203 unit apartment building with two levels of
podium parking, a 7-story, 100 condominium-unit building with two
levels of podium parking, and a six-level parking structure to
accommodate the existing 111,443 square foot office building to remain
on a 7.8-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
23 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Tract Map to subdivide one existing
parcel into five parcels associated with an office building, parking
garage, two residential buildings, and a common lot. The project is
located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra
Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General
Industrial) distri cts. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
On August 25, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map Amendment
from General Industrial to Mixed Use Center and related General Plan
text amendments; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
and MM (General Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community)
district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 203 unit apartment building with two levels of
podium parking, a 7-story, 100 condominium-unit building with two
levels of podium parking, and a six-level parking structure to
accommodate the existing 111,443 square foot offi ce building to
remain on a 7.8-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 23 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Tract Map to subdivide one
existing parcel into five parcels associated with an office building,
parking garage, two residential buildings, and a common lot. The
project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline
Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 8
On August 25, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map Amendment
from General Industrial to Mixed Use Center and re lated General Plan
text amendments; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
and MM (General Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community)
district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 203 unit apart ment building with two levels of
podium parking, a 7-story, 100 condominium-unit building with two
levels of podium parking, and a six-level parking structure to
accommodate the existing 111,443 square foot office building to remain
on a 7.8-acre project s ite; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
23 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Tract Map to subdivide one existing
parcel into five parcels associated with an office building, parking
garage, two residential buildings, and a common lot. The project is lo
cated on the northeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra
Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General
Industrial) districts. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
On August 25, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map Amendment
from General Industrial to Mixed Use Center and related General Plan
text amendments; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
and MM (General Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community)
district; a Plann ed Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 203 unit apartment building with two levels of
podium parking, a 7-story, 100 condominium-unit building with two
levels of podium parking, and a six-level parking structure to accomm
odate the existing 111,443 square foot office building to remain on a
7.8-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Tract Map to subdivide one existing
parcel into five parcels associated with an office building, parking
garage, two residential buildings, and a common lot. The project is
located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra
Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General
Industrial) districts. Project is subje ct to SB 330.
2022 12
On August 25, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map Amendment
from General Industrial to Mixed Use Center and related General Plan
text amendments; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
and MM (General Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community)
district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 203 unit apartment building with two levels of po
dium parking, a 7-story, 100 condominium-unit building with two levels
of podium parking, and a six-level parking structure to accommodate
the existing 111,443 square foot office building to remain on a
7.8-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Tract Map to subdivide one existing
parcel into five parcels associated with an office building, parking
garage, two residential buildings, and a common lot. The PROJECTS
UNDER CONSTRUCTION project is located on the northeast corner of North
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. Project is subject
to SB 330.
2023 2
On August 25, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map Amendment
from General Industrial to Mixed Use Center and related General Plan
text amendments; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
and MM (General Industrial) districts to P (Planned Community)
district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 203 unit apartment building with two l evels of
podium parking, a 7-story, 100 condominium-unit building with two
levels of podium parking, and a six-level parking structure to
accommodate the existing 111,443 square foot office building to remain
on a 7.8-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Rem oval Permit to remove
23 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Tract Map to subdivide one existing
parcel into five parcels PROJECTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION associated with
an office building, parking garage, two residential buildings, and a
common lot. The projec t is located on the northeast corner of North
Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. Project is subject
to SB 330.
---
San Antonio Precise Plan sanantoniopreciseplan
2013 5
In July 2012, Council authorized the preparation of the San Antonio
Precise Plan. Council reviewed the results of the visioning process in
January 2013. An amended scope was approved by Council in April 2013.
Completion of the new precise plan is expected by the end of 2014.
2013 6
In April 2013, Council approved a revise d scope of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. The next steps include de velopment of a
community outreach plan and existing conditions assessment. Comple
tion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014.
2013 7
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. The next steps include development of a
community outreach plan and existing conditions assessment. The first
round of public meetings is anticipated in September or October 2013.
Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. (San Antonio
Planning Area)
2013 8
In April 2013, Council approved a revised sco pe of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. The next steps include development of a
community outreach plan and existing conditions assessment. The first
round of public meetings is anticipated in September or October 2013.
Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. (San Antonio
Planning Area)
2013 9
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. Study sessions are scheduled with the EPC on
September 11, with B/PAC on September 26, and with the City Council on
October 8. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.sanantoniopreicseplan.com for more information.
2013 10
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. The EPC and B/PAC discussed the plan on
September 11 and 26, and the City Council will discuss the plan on
October 8. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.sanantoniopreicseplan.com for more information. (San Antonio
Planning Area)
2013 11
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. A community meeting is scheduled on January 11,
2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.sanantoniopre ciseplan.com for more information.
2013 12
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. A community meeting is scheduled on January 11,
2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.sanantoniopreciseplan.com for more information.
2014 1
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. A community meeting is scheduled on January 11,
2014, with EPC and Council study sessions scheduled for January 22 and
February 4, respectively. Completion of this plan is expected by the
end of 2014. See www.sanantoniopreciseplan.com for more information.
(San Antonio Planning Area) (Rebecca Shapiro)
2014 2
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the San
Antonio Precise Plan. An update will be brought to the EPC and Council
in spring 2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of
2014. See www.sanantoniopreciseplan.com for more information. (San
Antonio Planning Area) (Rebecca Shapiro)
2014 3
In February 2014, Council endorsed a precise plan alternative
consisting of preferred development and circulation options.
Additional EPC and Council study sessions are anticipated in spring
2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.sanantoniopreciseplan.com for more information. (San Antonio
Planning Area)
2014 4
In February 2014, Council endorsed a precise plan alternative
consisting of preferred land use, urban design and circulation
options. Additional EPC and Council study sessions are anticipated in
spring 2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014.
See www.sanantoniopreciseplan.com for more information. (San Antonio
Planning Area)
2014 6
The San Antonio Precise Plan will establish new zoning regulations and
improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan vision to
evolve the area as a diverse regional and community destination with a
variety of land uses and mobility improvemen ts. Link to Project
Website: http://www.sanantoniopreciseplan.com Status/Next Step(s): The
EPC provided recommendations on draft plan materials in May 2014 for
key topics such as guiding principles, draft development standards &
bicycle improvements. T he City Council will review these topics at a
study session tentatively scheduled for June 24, 2014. A draft plan is
expected to be published later this summer. Completion of this plan is
expected by the end of 2014. Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 8
The San Antonio Precise Plan will establish new zoning regulations and
improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan vision to
evolve the area as a diverse regional and community destination with a
variety o f land uses and mobility improvements. Link to Project
Website: http://www.sanantoniopreciseplan.com Status/Next Step(s): The
EPC provided recommendations on draft plan materials in May 2014 for
ke y topics, including: guiding principles, draft development
standards & bicycle improvements. The City Council held study session
s on these topics on June 24, 2014 and July 8, 2014 to provide
direction on the draft plan material s and land use policies. A public
draft of the Precise Plan will be publishe d by the end of August,
2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. Project
Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 10
The San Antonio Precise Plan will establish new zoning regulations and
improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan vision to
evolve the area as a diverse regional and community destination with a
variety of land uses and mobility improvemen ts. Link to Project
Website: http://www.SanAntonioPrecisePlan.com Status/Next Step(s): The
Environmental Planning Commission (EPC) recommendations on the public
draft Plan materials and land use policies on September 17, 2014. The
City Council will review and provide direction on the draft Plan on
October 7, 2014. Final adoption is tentatively scheduled for December
2014. Link to Public Draft: http://www.mountainview.gov/civicax/fileba
nk/blobdload.aspx?BlobID=13948 Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 11
The San Antonio Precise Plan will establish new zonin g regulations
and improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan vision
to evolve the area as a diverse regional and community destination
with a variety of land uses and mobility improvements. Link to Project
Website: http://www.SanAntonioPrecisePlan.com Status/Next Step(s): The
Environmental Planning Commission (EPC) is scheduled to make a
recommendation on the Draft Plan and Environmental Impact Report (EIR)
on November 17, 2014. The City Council is scheduled to take final
action to adopt the Plan and certify the EIR on December 2, 2014. Link
to Public Draft: http://www.mountainview.gov/civicax/
filebank/blobdload.aspx?BlobID=13948 Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2014 12
The San Antonio Precise Plan establish es new zoning regulations and
improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan vision to
evolve the area as a diverse regional and community destination with a
variety of land uses and mobility improvements. Status/Next Step(s):
On December 2, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise Plan and
certified the EIR. The final Plan will be available to the public in
early 2015. Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
The San Antonio Precise Plan establishes new zoning regulations and
improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan vision to
evolve the area as a diverse regional and community destination with a
variety of land uses and mobility improvements. Status/Next Step(s):
On December 2, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise Plan and
certified the EIR. The final Plan will be available to the public in
early 2015. Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
---
Hope Street Lots  hopestreetlots
2018 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 115,650 square foot five-story hotel building with
three levels of subterranean parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use
building with three levels of subterranean parking, and Hope Street
improvements to replace existing City- owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a
1.37 acre site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and
restaurant use; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 16
Heritage tre es and 29 City-owned trees. The project is located on the
east and west side of Hop e Street between West Evelyn Avenue and
Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 115,650 square foot five-story hotel building with
three levels of subterranean parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use
building with three levels of subterranean parking, and Hope Street
improvements to replace existing City- owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a
1.37 acre site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and
restaurant use; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 16
Heritage tre es and 29 City-owned trees. The project is located on the
east and west side of Hope Street between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 115,650 square foot five-story hotel building with
three levels of subterranean parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use
building with three levels of subterranean parking, and Hope Street
improvements to replace existing City- owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a
1.37 acre site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and
restaurant use; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 16
Heritage tre es and 29 City-owned trees. The project is located on the
east and west side of Hop e Street between West Evelyn Avenue and
Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 115,650 square foot five-story hotel building with
three levels of subterranean parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use
building with three levels of subterranean parking, and Hope Street
improvements to replace existing City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a
1.37 acre site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and
restaurant use; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 16
Heritage trees and 29 City-owned trees. The project is located on the
east and west side of Hope Street between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 115,650 square foot five-story hotel building with
three levels of subterranean parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use
building with three levels of subterranean parking, and Hope Street
improvements to replace existing City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a
1.37 acre site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and
restaurant use; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 16
Heritage trees and 29 City-owned trees. The project is located on the
east and west side of Hope Street between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Council hearing in
November 2018.
2019 2
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 115,650 square
foot five-story hotel building with three levels of subterranean
parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of
subterranean parking, and Hope Street improvements to replace existing
City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37 acre site; a Provisional Use
Permit to allow a hotel use and restaurant use; and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-owned trees.
The project is located on the east and west side of Hope Street
between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2019 4
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 115,650 square
foot five-story hotel building with three levels of subterranean
parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of
subterranean parking, and Hope Street improvements to replace existing
City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37 acre site; a Provisional Use
P ermit to allow a hotel use and restaurant use; and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-owned trees.
The project is located on the east and west side of Hope Street
between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2019 6
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct a 115,650 sq uare
foot five-story hotel with three levels of subterranean parking, a
52,584 square f oot mixed-use building with three levels of
subterranean parking, and Hope Street impr ovements to replace
existing City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37 acre site; a
Provisional Use Permit to allow hotel and restaurant uses; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-
owned trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope
Street between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Provisional Use
Permit to allow a hotel use and restaurant use; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a five-story,
115,650 square foot hotel building with three levels of subterranean
parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of
subterranean parking, and complete Hope Street improvements to replace
existing City- owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37-acre site; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-
owned trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope
Street between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa Stre et in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Provisional Use
Permit to allow a hotel use and restaurant use; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a five-story,
115,650 square foot hotel building with three levels of subterranean
parking, a 52,584 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of
subterranean parking, and complete Hope Street improvements to replace
existing City- owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37-acre site; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-
owned trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope
Street betwee n West Evelyn Avenue and Villa Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Provis ional Use
Permit to allow hotel and restaurant use s; a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a five-story, 115,650
square foot hotel building with three levels of underground parking, a
52,584 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of underground
parking, and street improvements on Hope Street to replace existing
City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37-acre site; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Herit age trees and 29 City-owned
trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope Street
between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2020 5
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Provisional Use
Permit to allow hotel and restaurant use s; a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a five-story, approximately
120,000 square foot hotel building with three levels of underground
parking and ground floor accessory commercial space, approxima tely
52,000 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of underground
parking, and street improvements on Hope Street to replace existing
City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37- acre site; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-owned
trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope Street
between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2022 2
On October 28, 2021, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a previously approved Provisional Use Permit to
allow hotel and restaurant uses; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a five-story, appr oximately
120,000 square foot hotel building with three levels of underground
parking and ground floor accessory commercial space, approximately
52,000 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of underground
parking, and street improvements on Hope Street to replace existing
City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37-acre site; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-owned
trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope Street
between West Evelyn Ave nue and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
On October 28, 2021, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a previously approved Provisional Use Permit to
allow hotel and restaurant uses; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a five-story, approximately
120,000 square foot hotel building with three levels of underground
parking and ground floor accessory commercial space, approximately
52,000 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of underground
parking, and street improvements on Hope Street to replace existing
City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37-acre site; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-owned
trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope Street
between West Evelyn Avenue and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan. APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
2022 8
On October 28, 2021, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a previously approved Provisional Use Permit to
allow hotel and restaurant uses; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a five-story, appr oximately
120,000 square foot hotel building with three levels of underground
parking and ground floor accessory commercial space, approximately
52,000 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of underground
parking, and street improvements on Hope Street to replace existing
City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37-acre site; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-owned
trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope Street
between West Evelyn Ave nue and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On October 28, 2021, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a previously approved Provisional Use Permit to
allow hotel and restaurant uses; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a five-story, appr oximately
120,000 square foot hotel building with three levels of underground
parking and ground floor accessory commercial space, approximately
52,000 square foot mixed-use building with three levels of underground
parking, and street improvements on Hope Street to replace existing
City-owned parking Lots 4 and 8 on a 1.37-acre site; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees and 29 City-owned
trees. The project is located on the east and west side of Hope Street
between West Evelyn Ave nue and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan. APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
---
El Camino Real Precise Plan elcaminorealpreciseplan
2013 5
In July 2012, Council authorized the preparation of the El Camino Real
Precise Plan. Council approved a scope of work in April 2013.
Completion of the new precise plan is expected by the end of 2014.
(Central Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Miramonte/Springer; Grant/Sylvan
Planning Areas)
2013 6
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the El
Camino Real Precise Plan. The next steps are the fo rmation of
advisory groups, development of an outreach plan and exis ting
conditions analysis. Co mpletion of this plan is expected by the end
of 2014. (Central Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Mi ramonte/Springer;
Grant/Sylvan Planning Areas)
2013 7
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the El
Camino Real Precise Plan. The next steps are the formation of advisory
groups, development of an outreach plan and existing conditions
analysis. The first round of public meetings is anticipated in
September or October 2013. Completion of this plan is expected by the
end of 2014. (Central Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Miramonte/Springer;
Grant/Sylvan Planning Areas)
2013 8
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the El
Camino Real Precise Plan. The next steps are the formation of advisory
groups, development of an o utreach plan and existing conditions
analysis. The first round of public meetings is anticipated in
September or October 2013. Completion of this plan is expected by the
end of 2014. (Central Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Miramonte/Springer;
Grant/Sylvan Planning Areas)
2013 9
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the El
Camino Real Precise Plan. Study sessions are scheduled for the EPC on
September 18, B/PAC on September 26 and the City Council on October
15. Completion of this plan is expected by the en d of 2014. See
www.elcaminorealpreciseplan.com for more information.
2013 10
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the El
Camino Real Precise Plan. The EPC and B/PAC discussed the plan on
September 18 and 26. The Council will discuss the plan on October 15.
Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.elcaminorealpreciseplan.com for more information. (Central
Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Miramonte/Springer; Grant/Sylvan Planning
Areas)
2013 11
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the El
Camino Real Precise Plan. A c ommunity meeting is scheduled on January
11, 2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end of 2014. See
www.elcaminorealpreciseplan.com for more information. (Central
Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Miramonte/Springer; Grant/Sylvan Planning
Areas) (Eric Anderson)
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the El
Camino Real Precise Plan. A c ommunity meeting is scheduled on January
11, 2014, with EPC and Council study sessions scheduled for January 22
and February 4, respectively. Completion of this plan is expected by
the end of 2014. See www.elcaminorealpreciseplan.com for more
information. (Central Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Miramonte/Springer;
Grant/Sylvan Planning Areas)
2014 2
In April 2013, Council approved a revised scope of work for the El
Camino Real Precise Plan. An update will be brought to the EPC and
Council in spring 2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end
of 2014. See www.elcaminorealpreciseplan.com for more information.
(Central Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Miramonte/Springer; Grant/Sylvan
Planning Areas)
2014 3
In February 2014, Council endorsed a land use and mobility strategy
for the corridor. Draft plan materials will be brought to the EPC and
Council in spring 2014. Completion of this plan is expected by the end
of 2014. See www.elcaminorealpreciseplan.com for more information.
(Central Neighborhoods; San Antonio; Miramonte/Springer; Grant/Sylvan
Planning Areas)
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
The El Camino Real Precise Plan will implement the 2030 General Plan
with new development standards, land use direction and public
improvements for the El Camino Real corridor. The vision for the
corridor includes a vibrant mix of uses and improved pedestrian
character. Link to Project Website: www.ElCaminoRealPrecisePlan.com
Status/Next Step (s): On May 20, 2014, the City Council provided
direction on key issues, such as intensity, small lot strategies,
parking strategies and bicycle improvements. Over the summer, a public
draft of the Plan will be released. EPC and Council hearings reviewing
the draft will be s cheduled later this year. Final adoption will
occur at the end of 2014. Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 8
The El Camino Real Precise Plan will implement the 2030 General Plan
with new development standards, land use direction and public
improvements for the El Camino Real corridor. The vision for the
corridor includes a vibrant mix of uses and improved pedestrian
character. Link to Project Website: www.ElCaminoRealPrecisePlan.com
Status/Next Step (s): On May 20, 2014, the City Council provided
direction on key issues, such as intensity, small lot strategies,
parking strategies and bicycle improvements. In early August a public
draft of the Precise Plan and EIR will be released. EPC and Council
hearings are tentatively scheduled for August 27 and September 16,
2014. Final adoption will occur at the end of 2014. Project Planner:
Eric Anderson
2014 10
The El Camino Real Precise Plan will implement the 2030 General Plan
with new development standards, land use direction and public
improvements for the El Camino Real corridor. The vision for the
corridor includes a vibrant mix of uses and improved pedestrian
character. Link to Project Web site: www.ElCaminoRealPrecisePlan.com
Status/Next Step (s): On September 23, 2014, the City Council provided
direction the public draft Plan. Final adoption hearings are
tentatively scheduled for November 2014. Link to Public Draft: http://
www.mountainview.gov/civicax/filebank/blobdload.aspx?BlobID=13877
Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 11
The El Camino Real Precise Plan will implement the 2030 General Plan
with new development standards, land use direction and public
improvements for the El Camino Real corridor. The vision for the
corridor includes a vibrant mix of uses and improved pedestrian
character. Link to Project Website: www.ElCaminoRealPrecisePlan.com
Status/Next Step (s): On September 23, 2014, the City Council provided
direction the Draft Plan. EPC is scheduled to make a recommendation to
the City Council on November 13, 2014. The City Council is scheduled
to take final action to adopt the Plan and certify the EIR on November
17, 2014. Link to Public Draft:
http://www.mountainview.gov/civicax/filebank/blobdload.aspx?Blob
ID=13877 Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 12
The El Camino Real Precise Plan establishe s new zoning regulations
and improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan. The
new development standards, land use direction and public improvements
for the El Camino Real corridor will revitalize the corridor with a
vibrant mix of uses and improved pedestrian character. Status/Next
Step (s): On November 17, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise
Plan and certified the EIR. The final Plan will be available to the
public in early 2015. Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2015 1
The El Camino Real Precise Plan establishes new zoning regulations and
improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan. The new
development standards, land use direction and public imp rovements for
the El Camino Real corridor will revitalize the corridor with a
vibrant mix of uses and improved pedestrian character. Status/Next
Step (s): On November 17, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise
Plan and certified the EIR. The final Plan will be available to the
public in early 2015. Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2015 2
The El Camino Real Precise Plan establishes new zoning regulations and
improvement requirements to implement the 2030 General Plan. The new
development standards, land use direction and public improvements for
the El Camino Real corridor will revitalize the corridor with a
vibrant mix of uses and improved pedestrian character. Status/Next
Step(s): On November 17, 2014, the City Council approved the Precise
Plan and certified the EIR. The final Plan will be available to the
public in early 2015. Project Planner: Eric Anderson
---
819 N . Rengstorff Ave . 819nrengstorffave
2013 8
In February 2013, Council approved 48 affordable rental efficiency
studios, 1 one-bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail
space. Building permits are expected in July 2013 and construction to
begin in November 2013 with completion by Februar y 2015. (Melinda
Denis)
2013 9
In February 2013, Council approved 48 affordable rental studios, 1
one-bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail space.
Building permits were submitted in July 2013 and construction is
expected to begin in November 2013 with completion by Febr uary 2015.
(Melinda Denis)
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
In February 2013, Council approved 48 affordable rental studios, 1
one-bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail space.
Building permits were submitted in July 2013 and construction is
expected to begin in November 2013 with completion by Febr uary 2015.
(Margaret Netto)
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In February 2013, Council approved 48 affordable rental studios, 1
one-bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail space.
Building permits were submitted in July 2013 and construction is
expected to begin in early 2014 with completion by February 2015.
2014 2
In February 2013, Council approved 48 affordable rental studios, 1
one-bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail space.
Building permits were submitted in July 2013 and construction is
expected to begin in early 2014 with completion by February 2015.
(Margaret Netto)
2014 3
In February 2013, Council approved 48 affordable rental studios, 1
one-bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail space.
Building permits were submitted in July 2013 and construction is
expected to begin in early 2014 with completion by Februar y 2015.
2014 4
In February 2013, Council approved 48 affordable rental studios, 1
one-bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail space.
Building p ermits were submitted in July 2013 and construction is
expected to begin in spring/summer 2014 with completion by February
2015.
2014 6
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom manager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development on a 0.83-acre project site. Status/Next Step (s):
Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is expected to be
completed by spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2014 8
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom manager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development on a 0.83-acre project site, replacing 12 residential
units and 8,500 square feet of commercial/retail space. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is
expected to be completed by spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2014 10
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom manager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development on a 0.83-acre project site, replacing 12 residential
units and 8,500 square feet of com mercial/retail space. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is
expected to be completed by spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2014 11
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom ma nager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development on a 0.83-acre project site, replacing 12 residential
units and 8,500 square feet of commercial/retail space. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is
expected to be completed by spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2014 12
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom manager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development on a 0.83-acre project site, replacing 12 residential
units and 8,500 square feet of commercial/retail space. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is
expected to be completed by spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom manager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development on a 0.83-acre project site, replacing 12 residential
units and 8,500 square feet of commercial/retail space. Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is expected
to be completed by spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2015 3
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom manager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development on a 0.83-acre project site, replacing 12 residential
units and 8,500 square feet of commercial/re tail space. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is
expected to be completed by spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Melinda Denis Applicant: ROEM
Corporation & Eden Housing
2015 4
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom manager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development on a 0.83-acre project site, replacing 12 residential
units and 8,500 square feet of commercial/retail space. Status/Next
Step (s): Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is
expected to be completed by spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Melinda Denis Applicant: ROEM
Corporation & Eden Housing
2015 5
In February 2013, the City Council approved a three story, mixed-use
development with 48 affordable rental efficiency studios, one
1-bedroom manager unit, and 1,600 square feet of commercial
development and removal of three Heritage trees on a 0.83-acre project
site, replacing 12 residential units and 8,500 square feet of
commercial/retail space. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Temporary
occupancy was granted in April 2015 and final completion will be in
May 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner:
Melinda Denis Applicant: ROEM Corporation & Eden Housing
---
756 California Street 756californiastreet
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 7,664 square foot office building to replace a
1-story dental office building and a Provisional Use Permit to allow a
ground floor medical office use at a.07-acre project site; and a
determination that this project is Categorically Exempt pursuant to
Section 15303 of the CEQA Guidelines ("New Construction of Small
Structures). This project is located on the north side of California
Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2018 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 7,664 square foot office building to replace a
1-story dental office building and a Provisional Use Permit to allow a
ground floor medical office use at a.07-acre proj ect site; and a
determination that this project is Categorically Exempt pursuant to
Section 15303 of the CEQA Guidelines ("New Construction of Small
Structures). This project is located on the north side of California
Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 7,664 square foot office building to replace a
1-story dental office building and a Provisional Use Permit to allow a
ground floor medical office use on a.07-acre project site. The project
is located on the north side of California Street between Castro
Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 9
 " 
2018 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 7,664 square foot office building to replace a
1-story dental office building and a Provisional Use Permit to allow a
ground floor medical office use on a 0.7-acre proj ect site. The
project is located on the north side of California Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 7,664 square foot office building to replace a
1-story dental office building and a Provisional Use Permit to allow a
ground floor medical office use on a 0.7-acre pro ject site. The
project is located on the north side of California Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 7,664 square foot office building to replace a 1-
story dental office building and a Provisional Use Permit to allow a
ground floor medical office use on a 0.7- acre project site. The
project is located on the north side of California Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and a Provisional Use Permit to construct a new 7,664 sq uare foot
office building with a ground- floor medical office to replace a
1-story dental office building on a 0.7-acre site. The project is
located on the north side of California Street between Castro Street
and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new three-story, 7,664 square foot commercial building
with retail, office, and medical office uses to replace a one-story
dental office building on a 0. 7-acre project site. The project is
located on the north side of California Street between Castro Street
and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Status & Next
Steps: Under review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods/Downtown
Project Planner: Clarissa Burke Applicant: Huy Do
2019 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construc t a new 3-story, 7,664 square foot commercial building
with retail, office, and medical office uses to replace a one-story
dental office building on a 0.7-acre project site. The project is
located on the north side of California Street between Castro Street
and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 3
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a medical office use; a
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to con struc t
a new 3-story, 7,664 square foot commercial building with retail,
office, and medical office uses to replace a one-story dental office
building on a 0.7-acre project site. The project is located on the
north side of California Street between Castro Street and Hope Street
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a medical office use; a
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construc t a
new 3-story, 7,664 square foot commercial building with retail,
office, and medical office uses to replace a one-story dental office
building on a 0.7-acre project site. The project is located on the
north side of California Street between Castro Street and Hope Stree t
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new three-story, 6,997 square-foot commercial building
with ground-floor retail and office above to replace an existing
single-story commercial building on a 0.07-acre project site. This
project is located on the north side of Califor nia Street between
Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 4
On February 22, 2022, Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a new three-story, 6,997
square-foot commercial building with ground-floor retail and office
above to replace an existing single-story commercial building on a
0.07-acre project site. This project is located on the north side of
California Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 6
On February 22, 2022, Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a new thre e-story, 6,997
square-foot commercial building with ground-floor retail and office
above to replace an existing single-story commercial building on a
0.07-acre project site. This project is located on the north side of
California Street between Castro Stre et and Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 8
On February 22, 2022, Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to cons truct a new three-story, 6,997
square-foot commercial building with ground-floor retail and office
above to replace an existing single-story commercial building on a
0.07-acre project site. This project is located on the north side of
California Street bet ween Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 10
On February 22, 2022, Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a new three-story, 6,997
square-foot commercial building with ground-floor retail and office
above to replace an existing single-story commercial building on a
0.07-acre project site. This project is located on the north side of
California Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 12
On February 22, 2022, Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a new three-story, 6,997
square-foot commercial building with ground-floor retail and office
above to replace an existing single-story commercial building on a
0.07-acre project site. This project is located on the north side of
California Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Pl an.
2023 2
On February 22, 2022, Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a new three-story, 6,997
square-foot commercial building with ground-floor retail and office
above to replace an existing single-story commercial building on a
0.07-acre project site. This project is located on the north side of
California Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
701 West Evelyn Avenue  701westevelynavenue
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building
containing 33,850 square feet of office and 8,800 square feet of
retail, a roof terrace and two levels of underground parking to
replace existing single story commercial; a CEQA determination has not
yet been made. This p roject is located south of West Evelyn Avenue
between Castro and Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 5
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building
containing 33,850 square feet of office and 8,800 square feet of
retail, a roof terrace and two levels of underground parking to
replace existing single story commercial; a CEQA determination has not
yet been made. This project is located south of West Evelyn Avenue
between Castro and Hope Streets in the P-19 (D owntown) Precise Plan.
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building
containing 33,850 square feet of office and 8,800 square feet of
retail, a roof terrace and two levels of underground parking. This
project is located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue bet ween
Castro and Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commerc ial building
containing 33,850 square feet of office and 8,800 square feet of
retail, a roof terrace and two levels of underground parking. This
project is located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between
Castro and Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtow n) Precise Plan.
2018 11
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building
containing 33,850 square feet of office and 8,800 square feet of
retail, and three levels of underground parking. This project is
located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and
Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building
containing 30,840 square feet of office and 8,050 square feet of
retail, and three levels of underground parking. This project is
located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and
Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. scheduled for
February 26, 2019.
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building
containing 30,840 square feet of office and 8,050 square feet of
retail, and three levels of underground parking. The project is
located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and
Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Develo pment Permit and a Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building with
8,050 square feet of retail, 30,840 square feet of office, and three
levels of underground parking. The project is located on the south
side of West Evelyn Avenue be tween Castro and Hope Streets in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building
containing 8, 050 square feet of ground- floor retail and 30,840
square feet of office with three levels of underground parking. The
project is located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between
Castro and Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods/Downtown Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant:
Marwood
2019 10
Request for a Planned Community Development Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building
containing 8,050 square feet of ground- floor retail and 30,840 square
feet of office with 3-levels of underground parking and a rooftop
terrace to replace three commercial buildings, including a restaurant,
office, and auto repair shop, on a 0.25-acre project site. The project
is located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and
Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On November 18, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Community
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a new
4-story commercial building containing 6,500 square feet of ground-
floor retail and 28,090 square feet of office with 3-levels of
underground parking accessed through the future parking garage at City
Lot 4 to replace three commercial buildings, including a restaurant,
office, and auto repair shop, on a 0.25- acre p roject site; and a
Preliminary Parcel Map for condominium purposes to separate the
building from the underground parking garage. The project is located
on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and Hope
Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise P lan.
2020 5
On November 18, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Community
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a new
4-story commercial building containing 6,500 square feet of ground-
floor retail and 28,090 square feet of office with 3-levels of
underground parking accessed through t he future parking garage at
City Lot 4 to replace three commercial buildings, including a
restaurant, office, and auto repair shop, on a 0.25- acre project
site; and a Preliminary Parcel Map for condominium purposes to
separate the building from the undergr ound parking garage. The
project is located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between
Castro and Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 2
On November 18, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Community
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a new
4-story commercial building containing 6,500 square feet of ground-
floor retail and 28,090 square feet of office with 3-levels of
underground parking accessed through the future parking ga rage at
City Lot 4 to replace three commercial buildings, including a
restaurant, office, and auto repair shop, on a 0.25- acre project
site; and a Preliminary Parcel Map for condominium purposes to
separate the building from the underground parking garage. The project
is located on the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and
Hope Streets in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 4
Request for a modification to a previously-approved Planned Community
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a new
4-story commercial building containing 6,500 square feet of ground-
floor retail and 28,090 square feet of office with no on-site parking
to replace three commercial buildings, including a restaurant, office,
and auto repair shop, on a 0.25-acre project site; and a Development
Agreement to extend entitlements 7 years. The project is located on
the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and Hope Streets
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
Request for a Permit Extension and a modification to a previously-
approved Planned Community Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a new 4-story commercial building containing 6,500
square feet of ground-floor retail and 28,090 square feet of office
with no on-site parking to replace th ree commercial buildings,
including a restaurant, office, and auto repair shop, on a 0.25-acre
project site; and a Development Agreement to extend entitlements 7
years. The DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW project is located on the
south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and Hope Streets in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 12
Request for a modification to a previously-approved Planned Community
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a new
4-story commercial building containing 6,500 square feet of ground-
floor retail and 28,090 square feet of office with no on-site parking
to replace three commercial buildings, including a restaurant, office,
and auto repair shop, on a 0.25-acre project site; and a Developmen t
Agreement to extend entitlements 7 years. The project is located on
the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and Hope Streets
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2023 2
Request for a modification to a previously-approved Planned Community
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a new
4-story commercial building containing 6,500 square feet of ground-
floor retail and 28,090 square feet of office with no on-site parking
to replace three commercial buildings, including a restaurant, office,
and auto repair shop, on a 0.25-acre project site; and a Development
Agreement to extend entitlements 5 years. The project is located on
the south side of West Evelyn Avenue between Castro and Hope Streets
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
333 North Rengstorff Avenue 333northrengstorffavenue
2013 5
In October 2006, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Mounir
Kardosh to property to allow for a 64-unit condominium project on 1.7
acres. In February 2013, t he applicant withdr ew the Gatekeeper
request and submitted an informal application for a 29-unit rowhouse
project. A formal application is anticipated in summer 2013.
2013 6
In October 2006, Council authorized a Gate keeper request by Mounir
Kardosh to property to allow for a 64-unit condominium project on 1.7
acres. In February 2013, the applicant withdrew the Gatekeeper request
and submitted an informal application for a 29-unit rowhouse project.
A formal application is anticipated in summer 2013.
2013 7
In October 2006, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Mounir
Kardosh to property to allow for a 64-unit condominium project on 1.7
acres. In February 2013, the applicant withdrew the Gatekeeper request
and submitted an informal application for a 29-unit rowhouse project.
A formal application is anticipated in summer 2013.
2017 2
Request for an Informal Review of a new 31-unit rowhouse develo pment
to replace an existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 40 trees (38 Heritage) on a 1.8 acre site.
This project is located on the east side of North Rengstorff Avenue
between Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2017 4
Request for an Informal Review of a new 31-unit rowhouse develo pment
to replace an existing 32-unit apartment complex lot on a 1.8 acre
project site. This property is located east of North Rengstorff
Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2
(Multi-Family Residential) district.
2017 6
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex on a 1.8 acre project site. Th e
project is located on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard
between Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-
Family Residential) district.
2018 1
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to
replace an existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree
Removal P ermit to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 acre project site. Th e
project is located on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard
between Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-
Family Residential) district.
2018 3
On February 27, 2018, the City Council approved a r equest for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal P
ermit to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 acre project site. Th e project is
located on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard betwe en
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family
Residential) district.
2018 5
On February 27, 2018, the City Council approved a r equest for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal P
ermit to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 acre project site. Th e project is
located on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family
Residential) district.
2018 7
On February 27, 2018, the City Council approved a r equest for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal P
ermit to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 acre project site. Th e project is
located on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Ave nue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family
Residential) district.
2018 9
On February 27, 2018, the City Cou ncil approve d a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 acre project site. The project is located
on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between Montecito
Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family Residential)
district.
2018 11
On February 27, 2018, the City Cou ncil appro ved a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 acre proje ct site. The project is located
on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between Montecito
Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family Residential)
district.
2019 2
On February 27, 2018, the City Cou ncil approved a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 acre project site. The project is located
on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between Montecito
Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family Residential)
district.
2019 4
On February 27, 2018, the City Cou ncil approved a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31- unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 acre project site. The project is located
on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between Montecito
Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family Residential)
district.
2019 6
On February 27, 2018, the City Council a pproved a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, a Development Review Per mit, and a
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 38 trees on a 1.8 ac re project site. The project is located
on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between Montecito
Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi-Family Residential)
district.
2019 8
On February 27, 2018, the City Cou ncil approved a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 38 heritage trees on a 1.8-acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi ple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 10
On February 27, 2018, the City Cou ncil approved a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Tentative Map for a 31-unit rowhouse development to replace an
existing 32-unit apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 38 heritage trees on a 1.8-acre project site. Th e project
is located on the east side of North Rengstorff Boulevard between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi ple-Family
Residential) district.
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
---
2600 Marine Way 2600marineway
2013 5
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. The project was reviewed by the EPC at a study session i n
February 2013 and the City Council in April 2013. An EIR is being
prepared for the project, and the project and traffic analysis will be
brought to a second round of study sessions in the latter half of
2013.
2013 6
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. The project was reviewed by the EPC at a study session in
February 2013 and the City Council in April 2013. An EIR is being
prepared for th e project, and the project and traffic analysis will
be brought to a second roun d of study sessions in the latter half of
2013.
2013 7
In July 2012, Council authorized study of a proposal for two new
office buildings, consisting of 370,000 square feet (1.0 FAR) for
Intuit. The project was reviewed by the EPC at a study session i n
February 2013 and the City Council in April 2 013. An EIR is being
prepared for the project, and the project and traffic analysis will be
brought to a second round of study sessions in the latter half of
2013. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2015 12
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. anticipated to be completed in 2016.
2016 2
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parkin g structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. anticipated to be completed in 2016.
2016 3
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Herit age trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. anticipated to be completed in 2016.
2016 4
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial)
district to the P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community
Permit for two 1.0 office buildings with approximately 364,000 square
feet and two new parking structures replacing 133,000 square feet of
existing buildings, a Development Agreement, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of 40 Heritage trees located on a 9.62
acre project site. anticipated to be completed in 2016.
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2019 10
On June 10, 2014, the City Council approved a Development Agreement, a
Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial) district to the
P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit for two new
office buildings totaling 364,000 square feet and two new parking
structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remov e 40 Heritage
trees located on a 9.62 acre project site. The project site is located
on six parcels south of Garcia Avenue and east of Bayshore Parkway,
three parcels north of Gar cia Avenue and east of Marine Way, and one
parcel south of Casey Avenue (Casey Site) in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan. are under review to construct the second office
building.
2020 3
On June 10, 2014, the City Council approved a Development Agreement; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial) district to the
P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit for two new
office buildings totaling 364,000 square fee t and two new parking
structures; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remov e 40 Heritage
trees located on a 9.62 acre project site. The project site is located
on six parcels south of Garcia Avenue and east of Bayshore Parkway,
three parcels north of Gar cia Avenue and east of Marine Way, and one
parcel south of Casey Avenue (Casey Site) in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan. are under review to construct the second office
building.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On June 10, 2014, City Council approved a Development Agreement; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial) district to the
P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit for two new
office buildings totaling 364,000 square feet and two new parking
structures; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees located on a 9.62 acre project site. The project is located on
six parcels south of Garcia Avenue and east of Bayshore Parkway, three
parcels north of Garcia Avenue and east of Marine Way, and one parcel
south of Casey Avenue (Casey Site) in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan.
2022 4
On June 10, 2014, City Council approved a Development Agreement; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial) district to the
P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit for two new
office buildings totaling 364,000 square feet an d two new parking
structures; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees located on a 9.62-acre project site. The project is located on
six parcels south of Garcia Avenue and east of Bayshore Parkway, thre
e parcels north of Garcia Avenue and east of Marine Way, and one
parcel south of Casey Avenue (Casey Site) in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan.
2022 6
On June 10, 2014, City Council approved a Development Agreement; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial) district to the
P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit for two new
office buildings totaling 364,000 square feet and two new parking
structures; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees located on a 9.6 2-acre project site. The project is located on
six parcels south of Garcia Avenue and east of Bayshore Parkway, three
parcels north of Garcia Avenue and east of Marine Way, and one parcel
south of Casey Avenue (Casey Site) in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Prec
ise Plan.
2022 8
On June 10, 2014, City Council approved a Development Agreement; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial) district to the
P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit for two new
office buildings totaling 364,000 square feet and two new parking
structures; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees located on a 9.62-acre project site. The project is located on
six parcels south of Garcia Avenue and east of Bayshore Parkway, three
parcels north of Garcia Avenue and east of Marine Way, and one parcel
south of Casey Avenue (Casey Site) in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On June 10, 2014, City Council approved a Development Agreement; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial) district to the
P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit for two new
office buildings totaling 364,000 square feet and two new parking
structures; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees located on a 9.62-acre proje ct site. The project is located on
six parcels south of Garcia Avenue and east of Bayshore Parkway, three
parcels north of Garcia Avenue and east of Marine Way, and one parcel
south of Casey Avenue (Casey Site) in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan.
2023 2
On June 10, 2014, City Council approved a Development Agreement; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the ML (Limited Industrial) district to the
P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit for two new
office buildings totaling 364,000 square feet and two new parking
structures; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees located on a 9.62-acre project site. The project is located on
six parcels south of Garcia Avenue and east of Bayshore Parkway, three
parcels north of Garcia Avenue and east of Marine Way, and one parcel
south of Casey Avenue (Casey Site) in the P-39 (North Bayshore)
Precise Plan.
---
1581 El Camino Real W . 1581elcaminorealw
2013 8
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for development ally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. The project will be applying for tax credits during
the July 2013 round. Building permits and construction timeframes will
depend on the tax credits. (Miramonte/Sprin ger Planning Area)
(Margaret Netto)
2013 9
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for developmentally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. The project will be applying for tax credits during
the July 2013 round. Building permits and construction timeframes will
depend on the tax credits. (Miramonte/Springer Planning Area)
(Margaret Netto)
2013 10
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for development ally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. The project will be applying for tax credits during
the July 2013 round. Building permits and construction timeframes will
depend on the tax credits. (Miramonte/Springer Planning Area)
(Margaret Netto)
2013 11
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for development ally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. The project will be applying for tax credits during
the July 2013 round. (Miramonte/S pringer Planning Area)
2013 12
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for development ally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. The project will be applying for tax credits during
the July 2013 round. (Miramonte/Springer Planning Area)
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In January 2013, Council approved 26 stud io units for developmentally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. Construction will start in spring 2014 and
completion is expected in summer 2015. (Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area)
2014 3
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for development ally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. Construction will start in spring 2014 and
completion is expected in summer 2015. (Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area)
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In January 2013, the City Council approved 26 studio units for
developmentally disabled individual s and 1 two-bedroom manager unit.
Link to Project Website:
http://www.firsthousing.com/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in spring 2014 and is expected to be
completed in summer 2015. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 8
In January 2013, the City Council approved 26 studio units for
developmentally disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit.
Link to Project Website:
http://www.firsthousing.com/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in spring 2014 and is expected to be
completed in summer 2015. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
In January 2013, the City Council approved 26 studio units for
developmentally disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit.
Link to Project Website: http://www.firsthousing.co
m/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began
in spring 2014 and is expected to be completed in summer 2015.
Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 12
In January 2013, the City Council approved 26 studio units for
developmentally disabled individuals and 1 two-bedro om manager unit.
Link to Project Website:
http://www.firsthousing.com/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in spring 2014 and is expected to be
completed in summer 2015. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Margaret Netto
2015 1
In January 2013, the City Council approved 26 studio units for
developmentally disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit.
Link to Project Website:
http://www.firsthousing.com/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s):
Approv ed. Construction began in spring 2014 and is expected to be
completed in summer 2015. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Margaret Netto
2015 2
In January 2013, the City Council approved 26 studio units for
developmentally disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit.
Link to Project Website:
http://www.firsthousing.com/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in spring 2014 and is expected to be
completed in summer 2015. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 3
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Conditional Use Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Density Bonus to allow a 27-unit
residential development consisting of 26 studio units for high
functioning developmentally disabled individuals and a two-bedroom
manager unit, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two
Heritage trees, to replace a multi-family apartment complex on a
0.48-acre project site. Link to Project Website:
http://www.firsthousing.com/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in spring 2014 and is expected to be
completed in summer 2015. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: First Community Housing
2015 4
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Conditional Use Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Density Bonus to allow a 27-unit
residential development consisting of 26 studio units for high
functioning developmentally disabled individuals and a two-bedroom
manager unit, and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove two
Heritage trees, to replace a multi-family apartment complex on a
0.48-acre project site. Link to Project Website:
http://www.firsthousing.com/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in spring 2014 and is expected to be
completed in summer 2015. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: First Community Housing
2015 5
In January 2013, the City Council approved a Conditional Use Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Density Bonus to allow a 27-unit
residential development consisting of 26 studio units for high
functioning developmentally disabled individuals and a two-bedroom
manager unit, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two
Heritage trees, to replace a multi-family apartment complex on a
0.48-acre project site. Link to Project Website:
http://www.firsthousing.com/blog/author/admin/ Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in spring 2014 and is expected to be
completed in summer 2015. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: First Community Housing
---
129 Ada Ave . 129adaave
2013 8
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Avenue project.
Final Council action is expected in fall 2013.
2013 10
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Ave nue project.
Final Council action is expected in early 2014.
2013 11
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Avenue project.
Final Council action is expected in early 2014.
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Avenue project.
Final Coun cil action is expected in April 2014.
2014 6
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The applicant has
submitted for building permit and construction is expected to start in
summer 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project Planner: Nancy
Minicucci
2014 8
 " 
2014 10
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The applicant has
submitted for building permit and construction is expected to start in
fall 2014. Planning Area: Moffett /Whisman Project Planner: Nancy
Minicucci
2014 11
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permits were
issued in October 2014 and construction has begun, with completion
anticipated in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 12
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permits were
issued in October 2014 and construction has begun, with completion
anticipated in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisma n Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 1
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permits were
issued in October 2014 and construction has begun, with completion
anticipated in early 2015. Plannin g Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 2
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building Permits were
issued in October 2014 and construction has begun, with completion
anticipated in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2015 3
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permits were
issued in October 2014 and construction has begun, with completion
anticipated in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Tripointe Homes
2015 4
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permits were
issued in October 2014 and construction has begun, with completion
anticipated in early 2015. Plannin g Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Tripointe Homes
2015 5
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permits were
issued in October 2014 and construction has begun, with completion
anticipated in July 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Tripointe Homes
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
In April 2014, the City Council approved a 4-unit rowhouse project on
a 0.50 acre site that will be integrated into the approved 135 Ada
Avenue project. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Building Permits were
issued in October 2014 and construction has begun, with completion an
ticipated in August 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Applicant: Tripointe Homes
---
1255 Pear Ave. 1255pearave
2013 8
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved the Sobrato
Organization’s application for a 156,900 square foot (0.35 FAR) five-
story office building on a 10 acre site. Building permit submittal is
expected in August 2013, with construction starting in January 2014
and completion by April 2015. (North Bayshore Planning Area) (Scott
Plambaeck)
2013 9
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a 156,900 square foot
(0.35 FAR) five-story office building. Building permits were submitted
in August 2013, with construction starting in January 2014 and
completion by April 2015. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2013 10
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a 156,900 square foot
(0.35 FAR) five-story office building. Building permit s were
submitted in August 2013, with construction starting in January 2014
and completion by April 2015. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a 156,900 square foot
(0.35 FAR) five-story office building. Building perm its were
submitted in August 2013, with construction starting in January 2014
and completion by April 2015. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2014 3
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a 156,900 square foot
(0.35 FAR) five-story office building. Building permit s were
submitted in August 2013, with construction starting in January 2014
and completion by April 2015. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2014 4
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a 156,900 sq uare foot
(0.35 FAR) five-story office building. Building permit s were
submitted in August 2013, with construction starting in January 2014
and completion by April 2015. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
2014 6
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, rep lacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed b
y Apri l 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 8
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, replacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed b
y April 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 10
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, replacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed b
y April 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 11
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, replacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed b
y April 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, replacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Nex t Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed b
y April 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 2
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, replacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed
by April 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 3
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, replacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed b
y April 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Sobrato Organization
2015 4
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, replacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Ne xt Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed b
y April 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Sobrato Organization
2015 5
In July 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for a
Conditional Use Permit, Development Review Permit and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow construction of a 156,317 square foot, five-
story office building, replacing nine existing buildings totaling
141,878 square feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit to remove 26
heritage trees on a 10.25-acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction started in January 2014 and is expected to be completed b
y May 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Sobrato Organization
---
1200 Villa St . 1200villast
2013 8
In June 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request a Precise Plan
Amendment to the Villa Mariposa Precise Plan to allow office FARs up
to 0.65. Subsequently, Google purchased the property and there has
been no activity on this request. (Peter Gilli) Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2013 9
In June 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request a Precise Plan
Amendment to the Villa Mariposa Precise Plan to allow office FARs up
to 0.65. Subsequently, Google purchased th e property and there has
been no activity on this request. (Peter Gilli) Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2013 10
In June 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to allow office
FARs up to 0.65. The project is inactive.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In June 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to allow office
FAR ’s up to 0.65. The project is inactive.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In June 2011, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to
allow office FAR ’s up to 0.65. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhood Project Planner: Gerry Beaudin
2014 8
In June 2011, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to
allow office FAR ’s up to 0.6 5. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhood Project Planner: Gerry Beaudin
2014 10
In June 2011, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to
allow office FAR ’s up to 0.65. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhood Project Planner: Gerry Beaudin
2014 11
 " 
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
 " 
2015 3
 " 
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
 " 
---
111 N . Rengstorff Ave. 111nrengstorffave
2013 8
In June 2012, Prometheus received Council approval to rezone the
Northpark Apartments, demolish 50 existing units and construct new 134
units in the southwest corner of the complex. Construction began in
February 2013 and completion is expected by the end of 2014.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In June 2012, Council approved the demolition of 50 existing units and
construct ion of new 134 units in the southwest corner of the complex.
Construction began in February 2013 and completion is expected by the
end of 2014.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In June 2012, Council approved the demolitio n of 50 existing units
and construction of new 134 units in the southwest corner of the
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and completion is
expected by the end of 2014.
2014 3
In June 2012, Council approved the demolition of 50 existing units and
construct ion of 134 new units in the southwest corner of the complex.
Construction began in February 2013 and completion is expected by the
end of 2014.
2014 4
In June 2012, Council approved the demoli tion of 50 existing units
and construct ion of 134 new units in the southwest corner of the
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and completion is
expected by the end of 2014.
2014 6
In June 2012, the City Council approved the demolition of 50 existing
units and construction of 134 new units in the southwest corner of the
complex. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February
2013 and is expected to be completed b y the end of 2014. Planning
Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 8
In June 2012, the City Council approved the demolition of 50 existing
units and cons truction of 134 new units in the southwest corner of
the complex. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
February 2013 and is expected to be completed b y the end of 2014.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2014 10
In June 2012, the City Council approved the demolition of 50 existing
units and construction of 134 new units in the southwest corner of the
complex. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February
2013 and is expected to be completed b y the end of 2014. Planning
Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 11
In June 2012, the City Council approved the demolition of 50 existing
units and construction of 134 new units in the southwest corner of the
complex. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February
2013 and is expected to be completed in early 2015. Planning Area:
Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
 " 
2015 3
In June 2012, the City Council approved a rezoning from R3-2.2 to
R3-1.5, a Development Review Permit to allow the redevelopment of 50
units with 134 units in the southwest corner of an existing 188 unit
apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal
of 23 heritage trees on a 10.9 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s):
Appro ved. Construction began in February 2013 and is expected to be
completed in mid-2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 4
In June 2012, the City Council approved a rezoning from R3-2.2 to
R3-1.5, a Development Review Permit to allow the redevelopment of 50
units with 134 units in the southwest corner of an existing 188 unit
apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for th e removal
of 23 heritage trees on a 10.9 acre project site. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in February 2013 and is expected to be
completed in mid-2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project
Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 5
In June 2012, the City Council approved a rezoning from R3-2.2 to
R3-1.5, a Development Review Permit to allow the redevelopment of 50
units with 134 units in the southwest corner of an existing 188 unit
apartment complex, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal
of 23 heritage trees on a 10.9 ac re project site. Status/Next
Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February 2013 and is expected
to be completed in mid-2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
---
North Bayshore Trip Cap Report northbayshoretripcapreport
2015 8
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted the City’s North Bayshore
Trip Cap Report. Updated North Bayshore traffic counts are planned in
fall, 2015. Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2015 9
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted the City’s North Bayshore
Trip Cap Report. Updated North Bayshore traffic counts are planned in
fall, 2015. This information will be made available on the City’s
website.
2015 10
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted the City’s North Baysh ore
Trip Cap Report. Updated North Bayshore traffic counts are planned in
fall, 2015. This information will be made available on the City’s
website.
2015 11
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted the City’s North Bayshore
Trip Cap Report. Updated North Bayshore traffic counts are planned in
fall, 2015. This information will be made available on the City’s
website.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted the City’s North Bayshore
Trip Cap Report. Updated North Bayshore traffic counts were then taken
in fall, 2015. This information is available on the City’s website.
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted the City’s North Bayshore
Trip Cap Report. A 2016 Trip Cap Report will be presented to the City
Council in June 2016. Trip Cap information is posted on the City’s
website.
2016 6
On June 23, 2015, the City Council accepted the City’s North Bayshore
Trip Cap Report. The City’s 2016 Trip Cap Report will be submitted to
the City Council in June 2016.
2016 8
The City’s 2016 Trip Cap Report was submitted to the City Council on
June 7, 2016 and is available on the City’s website.
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
The City’s 2016 Trip Cap Report was submitted to the City Council on
June 7, 2016 and is available on the City’s website. Report will be
presented to the City Council in late spring.
2017 4
The City’s 2016 Trip Cap Report was submitted to the City Council on
June 7, 2016 and is available on the City’s website. Annual Report
will be presented to the City Council in late June.
2017 6
The City’s 2017 Trip Cap Report was submitted to the City Council on
June 6, 2017 and is available on the City’s website. Report will be
presented to the City Council in late June 2018.
2018 1
The City’s 2017 Trip Cap Report was submitted to the City Council on
June 6, 2017 and is available on the City’s website. will be available
in early 2018 and t he 201 8 Annual Report will be presented to the
City Council in June 2018.
2018 3
The City’s 2017 Trip Cap Report was submitted to the City Council on
June 6, 2017 and is available on the City’s website. will be available
in Spring and t he 201 8 Annual Report will be presented to the City
Council in June 2018.
2018 5
The City’s 2017 Trip Cap Report was submitted to the City Council on
June 6, 2017 and is available on the City’s website. information is
posted on the City’s website. The 201 8 Annual Report will be
presented to the City Council in June 2018.
2018 7
The City’s 2017 Trip Cap Report was submitted to the City Council on
June 6, 2017 and is available on the City’s website. 2018 Annual
Report will be presented to the City Council in Fall 2018.
---
865 El Camino Real E . 865elcaminoreale
2013 8
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-unit apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Building permit submittal occurred in June
2013. Construction is anticipated to start by November 2013 and be
complete by September 2015. (Grant/Sylvan Planning Area)
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-unit apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Building permit submittal occurred in June 2013.
Construction is anticipated to start by November 2013 and be complete
by September 2015.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-unit apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Building permit submittal occurred in June 2013.
Construction is anticipated to start by November 2013 and be complete
by Sept ember 2015.
2014 1
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-unit apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Building permit submittal occurred in June 2013.
Construction is anticipated to start by November 2013 and be complete
by September 2015.
2014 2
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-unit apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchase d the site from
SummerHill. Building permit submittal occurred in June 2013. Co
nstruction is anticipated to start by November 2013 and be complete by
September 2015.
2014 3
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-unit apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Building permit submittal occurred in June 2013.
Construction began in November 2013 and completion is expected in fall
2015.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 150-unit apartment project
for SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
November 2013 and is expected to be completed in fall 2015. Planning
Area: Grant Syl van Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 8
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 150-unit apartment project
for SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construc tion began in
November 2013 and is expected to be completed in fall 2015. Planning
Area: Grant Syl van Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 10
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 150-unit apartment project
for SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
November 2013 and is expected to be completed in fall 2015. Planning
Area: Grant Syl van Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 11
 " 
2014 12
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 150-unit apartment project
for SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
November 2013 and is expected to be completed in winter 2015. Planning
Area: Grant Syl van Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In April 2013, the City Council approved a 150-unit apartment project
for SummerHill Apartments. Lennar Apartments purchased the site from
SummerHill. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
November 2013 and is expected to be completed in winter 2015. Planning
Area: Grant Sylvan Project Planner: Mariya Hodge
2015 3
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a four- story, 150-unit residential development with underground
parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for 15 trees on a 2.3-acre
site for SummerHill Apartment Communities. The project includes
demolition of an existing billiard hall, grocery store, and
restaurant. Lennar Multifamily Communities has purchased the site from
SummerHill. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
November 2013 and is expected to be completed in winter 2015. Planning
Area: Grant Syl van Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: Lennar
Multifamily Communities
2015 4
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a four- story, 150-unit residential development with underground
parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for 15 trees on a 2.3-acre
site for SummerHill Apartment Communities. The project includes
demolition of an existing billiard hall, grocery store, and
restaurant. Lennar Multifamily Communities has purchased the site from
SummerHill. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
November 2013 and is expected to be completed in winter 2015. Planning
Area: Grant/ Sylvan Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: Lennar
Multifamily Communities
---
2580 California St . 2580californiast
2013 8
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high- density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. In June 2012, the project was put on hold by the applicant.
2013 9
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high-density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. In June 2012, the project was put on hold by the applicant.
2013 10
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high- density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. The project has been inactive since June 2012.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatek eeper request by
Prometheus to study a high-density apartment project on the existing
Safeway site. The applicant is on hold.
2014 3
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high- density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. The applicant is on hold.
2014 4
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high-density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. The application is on hold.
2014 6
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high-density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. Project Planner: Gerry Beaudin
2014 8
 " 
2014 10
 " 
2014 11
 " 
2014 12
 " 
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
 " 
2015 3
 " 
2015 4
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high-density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
---
2300 W est El Camino Real 2300westelcaminoreal
2017 4
In February 201 6, the applicant submitted a Planned Community Permit
and a Provisional Use Permit to allow construction of a new four-
story, 1 57 room hotel with a level of undergroun d parking. The
project site is located on the north side of El Camino Real between
Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the El Camino Real
Precise Plan (P38) District.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit, and Provisional
Use Permit to allow construction of a new four-story, 1 57 room hotel
with a level of undergroun d parking. The project is located on the
north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. 2017.
2018 1
On June 6, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Provisional Use Permit to allow
construction of a new four-story, 1 57 room hotel with a level of
undergroun d parking. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On June 6, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Provisiona l Use Permit to allow
construction of a new four-story, 157 room hotel with a level of
underground parking. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Pl an.
2018 11
On June 6, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Provisional Use Permit to allow
construction of a new four-story, 157 room hotel with a level of u
nderground parking. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 2
On June 6, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Provisiona l Use Permit to allow
construction of a new four-story, 157 room hotel with a level of
underground parking. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Pl an.
2019 4
On June 6, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Provisional Use Permit to allow
construction of a new four-story, 157 room hotel with a level of
underground parking. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On June 6, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit,
a Development Review Permit, and a Provisional Use Permit to allow
construction of a new four-story, 157 room hotel with a level of
underground parking. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Ortega Avenue an d South Rengstorff Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 2
On September 22, 2020, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
to allow a hotel use and a parking reduction; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new 4-story, 153-room
hotel with an expanded one-level underground parking garage, replacing
an existing 71-room hotel, on a 0.97-acre project site. This property
is located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue
and South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
On September 22, 2020, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
to allow a hotel use and a parking reduction; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new 4- story, 153-room
hotel with an expanded one-level underground parking garage, replacing
an existing 71-room hotel, on a 0.97-acre project site. This property
is located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue
and South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
On September 14, 2022, the Zoning Administrator approved a two-year
Permit Extension for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and
a parking reduction; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow a new 4-story, 153-room hotel with an expanded one-
level underground parking garage, replacing an existing 71-room hotel,
on a 0.97-acre project site. This property is located on the north
side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff
Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino R eal) Precise Plan.
2022 12
On September 14, 2022, the Zoning Administrator approved a two-year
Permit Extension for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use and
a parking reduction; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow a new 4-story, 153-room hotel with an expanded one-
level underground parking garage, replacing an existing 71-room hot
el, on a 0.97-acre project site. This property is located on the north
side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and South Rengstorff
Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2023 2
 " 
---
2296 Mora Drive 2296moradrive
2016 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project s ite. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue. February 2016 and are currently
under review.
2016 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue.
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Removal permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project s ite. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development and
Heritage Tree Rem oval permit to demolish 15 existing industrial
buildings on 17 lots in order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a
0.45-acre public park on a 5.13 acre total project site. The project
is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between California Street
and the terminus of Ortega Avenue.
2018 1
On February 2, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit, Planned Unit Development and Heritage Tree Removal permit to
demolish 15 existing industrial buildings on 17 lots in order to
construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a 0.45-acre public park on a 5.13
acre project site. The project is located on the east side of Ortega
Avenue between California Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue in
the P-31 (Mora-Ortega) Precise Plan.
2018 3
On February 2, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit, Planned Unit Development and Heritage Tree Removal permit to
demolish 15 existing industrial buildings on 17 lots in order to
construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a 0.45-acre public p ark on a 5.13
acre project site. The project is located on the east side of Ortega
Avenue between California Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue in
the P-31 (Mora-Ortega) Precise Plan.
2018 5
On February 2, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit, Planned Unit Development and Heritage Tree Removal permit to
demolish 15 existing industrial buildings on 17 lots in order to
construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a 0.45-acre public park on a 5.13
acre project site. The project is located on the east side of Ortega
Avenue between California Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue in
the P-31 (Mora-Ortega) Precise Plan.
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
 " 
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On February 2, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit, Planned Unit Development and Heritage Tree Removal permit to
demolish 15 existing industrial buildings on 17 lots in order to
construct 7 5 attached rowhomes, and a 0.45- acre public park on a
5.13 acre project site. The project is located on the east side of
Ortega Avenue between California Street and the terminus of Ortega
Avenue in the P-31 (Mora- Ortega) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On February 2, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit, a Planned Unit Development, and a Heritage Tree Remova l
permit to demolish 15 existing industrial buildings on 17 lots in
order to construct 75 attached rowhomes, and a 0.45-acre public park
on a 5.13-acre project site. The project is located on the east side
of Ortega Avenue between California Street and the terminus of Ortega
Avenue in the P-31 (Mora-Ortega) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On February 2, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit, Planned Unit Development and Heritage Tree Removal permit to
construct 75 attached rowhomes and a 0.45-acre public park to replace
15 existing industrial buildings on 17 lots on a 5.13- acre project
site. The project is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between
California Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue in the P-31 (Mora-
Ortega) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On February 2, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit, Planned Unit Development and Heritage Tree Removal permit to
construct 75 attached rowhomes and a 0.45-acre public park to replace
15 existing industrial buildings on 17 lots on a 5.13- acre project si
te. The project is located on the east side of Ortega Avenue between
California Street and the terminus of Ortega Avenue in the P-31 (Mora-
Ortega) Precise Plan.
---
2014-2022 Housing Element 20142022housingelement
2013 6
In June 2013, the Council will consider a staff recommendation to hire
a consultant to prepare a state-mandated update to the City’s Housing
Element. The deadline for completion of the n ew Housing Element is
December 2014. (Margaret Netto)
2013 7
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Informational workshops will begin late summer 2013
and a Draft Housing Element is expected in fall 2013. The deadline for
completion of the new Housing Element is December 2014.
2013 8
 " 
2013 9
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Informational workshops will begin in early fall 2013
and a Draft Housing Element is expected in early 2014. The deadline
for completion of the new Housing Element is December 2014.
2013 10
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Informational workshops will be gin in early fall
2013 and a Draft Housing Element is expected in early 2014. The
deadline for completion of the new Housing Element is December 2014.
(Marg aret Netto)
2013 11
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. A Draft Housing Element is expected in early 2014.
The deadline for completion of the new Housing Element is December
2014. (Margaret Netto)
2013 12
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. A Draft Housing Element is expected in early 2014.
The deadline for completion of the new Housing Element is December
2014.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housi ng Element. A Draft Housing Element is expected in early 2014.
The deadline for completion of the new Housing Element is December
2014.
2014 4
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. A Draft Housing Element is expected in spring 2014.
The deadline for completion of the new Housing Element is January
2015.
2014 6
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Status /Next Step(s): A Draft Housing Element was
released for public review in spring, 2014. Study sessions were held
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council to review
the Draft Housing Element. The Draft Housing Element was submitted to
Hou sing and Community Development (HCD) for 60 day review in May
2014. The deadline for completion of the new Housing Element is
January 2015. Link to Project Website: http://beta.mountainview.gov/de
pts/comdev/planning/activeprojects/housingel ementupdate.asp Project
Planner: Margaret Netto Attachment (s):  June 2014 – Planning
Division Update Map
2014 8
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandate d update to the City’s
Housing Element. Status /Next Step(s): A Draft Housing Element was
released for public review in spring, 2014. Study sessions were held
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council to review
the Draft Housing Elemen t. The Draft Housing Element was submitted to
Housing and Community Development (HCD) for 60 day review in May 2014.
In July, 2014, HCD sent a compliance letter to the City. Public
hearings with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council
are tentatively scheduled for October 1, 2014 and October 28, 2014
respective ly. The deadline for completion of the new Housing Element
is January 2015. Link to Project Website:
http://www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/activep
rojects/housingelementupdate.as p Project Planner: Margaret Netto
Attachm ent:  August 2014 – Planning Division Update Map
2014 10
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Status /Next Step(s): A Draft Housing Element was
released for public review in spring, 2014. Study sessions were held
with the Environmental Planning Commission and Cit y Council to review
the Draft Housing Element. The Draft Housing Element was submitted to
Housing and Community Development (HCD) for 60 day review in May 2014.
In July, 2014, HCD sent a compliance letter to the City. Public
hearings with the Environmenta l Planning Commission and City Council
are tentatively scheduled fo r October 1, 2014 and October 14, 2014
respectively. The deadline for completion of the new Housing Element
is January 2015. Link to Project Website: http://www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/
depts/comdev/planning/activeprojects/housingelementupdate.as p Project
Plann er: Margaret Netto Attachment:  October 2014 – Planning
Division Update Map
2014 11
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Status /Next Step(s): A Draft Housing Element was
released for public review in sprin g, 2014. Study sessions were held
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council to review
the Draft Housing Element. The Draft Housing Element was submitted to
Housing and Community Development (HCD) for 60 day review in May 2014.
In July, 2 014, HCD sent a compliance letter to the City. On October
14, 2014, City Council adopted the Housing Element Update. The Housin
g Element was s ubmitted to HCD for final certification in November,
before the January deadline. Link to Project Website: http://www.ci.mt
nview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/activeprojects/housingelementupdate.
as p Project P lann er: Margaret Netto
2014 12
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Status /Next Step(s): A Draft Housing Element was
released for public review in spring, 2014. Study sessions were held
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council to review
the Draft Housing Element. The Draft Housing Element was submitted to
Housing and Comm unity Development (HCD) for 60 day review in May
2014. In July, 2014, HCD sent a compliance letter to the City. On
October 14, 2014, City Council adopted the Housing Element Update. The
Housing Element was submitted to HCD for final certification in
November, before the January deadline. Link to Project Website: http:/
/www.ci.mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/activeprojects/housingelem
entupdate.as p Project Plann er: Margaret Netto Attachment:  December
2014 – Planning Division Update Map
2015 1
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Status /Next Step(s): A Draft Housing Element was
released for public review in spring, 2014. Study sessions were held
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council to review
the Draft Housing Element. The Draft Housing Element was submitted to
Housing and Community Development (HCD) for 60 day review in May 2014.
In July, 2014, HCD sent a compliance letter to the City. On October
14, 2014, City Council adopted the Housing Element Update. The Housing
Element was submitted to HCD for final certification in November,
before the January deadline. A final compliance letter is expected
from HCD by February 12, 2015. Link to Project Website: http://www.ci.
mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/activeprojects/housingelementupdat
e.as p Project Plann er: Margaret Netto Attachment:  January 2015 –
Planning Division Update Map
2015 2
In June 2013, the City began a state-mandated update to the City’s
Housing Element. Status/Next Step(s): A Draft Housing Element was
released for public review in spring, 2014. Study sessions were held
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council to review
the Draft Housing Element. The Draft Housing Element was submitted to
Housing and Community Development (HCD) for 60 day review in May 2014.
In July, 2014, HCD sent a compliance letter to the City. On October
14, 2014, City Council adopted the Housing Element Update. The Housing
Element was submitted to HCD for final certification in November,
before the January deadline. A final compliance letter is expected
from HCD by February 12, 2015. Link to Project Website: http://www.ci.
mtnview.ca.us/depts/comdev/planning/activeprojects/housingelementupdat
e.asp Project Planner: Martin Alkire Attachment: • February 2015 –
Planning Division Update Map
---
Residential Condominium Project  residentialcondominiumproject
2015 8
Request for review of a Planned Community Permit to replace 13
existing rental units with a 15-unit condo project on a 0.52 acre lot.
Status & Next Steps: Under review. Planning Area: Downtown Project
Planner: Lisa Ring Applicant: DaRosa Associates
2015 9
Request for review of a Planned Community Permit to replace 13
existing rental units with a 15-unit condo project on a 0.52 acre lot.
2015 10
 " 
2015 11
 " 
2015 12
Request for review of a Planned Community Permit to replace 13
existing rental units w ith a 15-unit condo project on a 0.52 acre
lot.
2016 2
Request for review of a Planned Community Permit to replace 13
existing rental units with a 15-unit condo project on a 0.52 acre lot.
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
Request for review of a Planned Community Permit to replace 13
existing rental units with a 15-unit residential condominium project
on a 0.52 acre lot.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to replace 13
existing rental units with a 15-unit residential condominium project
on a 0.52 acre project site. This project is located on the east side
of Franklin Street between California Street and West Dana Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to replace 13 existing rental units with a 15-unit residential
condominium project on a 0.52 acre project site. The project is
located on the east sid e of Franklin Street between California Street
and West Dana Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to replace 13 existing rental units with a 15-unit residential
condominium project on a 0.52 acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Franklin Street between California Street
and West Dana Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 5
 " 
---
California Communities/Peninsula Communities  (2025 and 2065 San Luis californiacommunitiespeninsulacommunities2025and2065sanluis
2015 9
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2015 10
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vac ant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2015 11
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue a nd submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2015 12
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plan s in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2016 2
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 20 65 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2016 3
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacan t lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
Administrator recommended approval of this project with conditions. A
final decision will be issued by the City Council at a subsequent
public hearing. The City Council hearing has not been formally
scheduled but it is lik ely to take place in April 2016.
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2016 4
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacan t lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
Administrator recommended approval of this project with conditions.
The project will be considered by the City Council on April 5, 2016.
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2016 6
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacan t lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2016 8
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacan t lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
permit plans are under review. Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2016 10
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue an d submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
permit plans are under review. Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2017 2
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, a nd Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
permit plans are under review.
2017 4
Avenue) Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development
Review Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93-acre site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties.
2017 6
Avenue) Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit,
and Tentative Map for a new 33-unit rowhouse development on a vacant
0.93-acre project site. The project was initially submitted in October
2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot at 2065 San Luis
Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17-unit apartment complex
site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised plans in August 201
5 for an expanded project on both properties.
2018 1
Avenue) On April 5, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 33-unit rowhouse development on a vacant 0.93-acre project site.
The project was initially submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit
development on a vacant lot at 20 65 San Luis Avenue. The Developer
acquired the adjacent 17-unit apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis
Avenue and submitted revised plans in August 2015 for an expanded
project on both properties.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
Avenu e) On April 5, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 33-unit rowhouse development on a vacant 0.93-acre project site.
The project was initially submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit
development on a vacant lot at 20 65 San Luis Avenue. The Developer
acquired the adjacent 17-unit apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis
Avenue and submitted revised plans in August 2015 for an expanded
project on both properties.
2018 7
Avenue) On April 5, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 33-unit rowhouse development on a vacant 0.93-acre project site.
The project was initially submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit
development on a vacant lot at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer
acquired the adjacent 17-unit apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis
Avenue and submitted revised plans in August 2015 for an expanded
project on both properties.
---
828 and 836 Sierra Vista Avenue 828and836sierravistaavenue
2018 7
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 20-unit rowhouse develop ment, including a 20%
state density bonus, to replace three existing single family homes and
one duplex on four parcels on a 0.99-acre project site. The project is
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Old Middlefield Way in the R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential)
district.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 20-unit rowhouse develop ment, including a 20%
state density bonus, to replace three existing single family homes and
one duplex on four parcels on a 0.99-acre project site. The project is
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Old Middlefield Wa y in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2018 11
On October 16, 2018 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a new 20-unit
rowhouse development, including a 20% state density bonus, to replace
three existing single family homes and one duplex on four parcels on a
0.99-acre proj ect site. The project is located on the west side of
Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On October 16, 2018 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a new 20-unit
rowhouse development, including a 20% state density bonus, to replace
three existing single family homes and one duplex on four parcels on a
0.99- acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 6
On October 16, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and a Development Review Permit to construct a new 20-unit
rowhouse development with a 20% State Density Bonus to replace three
existing single family homes and one duplex on four parcels totaling
0.99 acres. The project is loca ted on the west side of Sierra Vista
Avenue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in the R3-2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 8
On October 16, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a new 20-unit
rowhouse development, with a 20% State Density Bonus, to replace three
existing single family homes and one duplex on four parcels o n a
0.99-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 10
On October 16, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a new 20-unit
rowhouse development, with a 20% State Density Bonus, to replace three
existing single family homes and one duplex on four parcels on a
0.99-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 3
On October 16, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct a new 20-unit
rowhouse development, with a 20% State Density Bonus, to replace three
existing single family homes and one duplex on four parcels on a
0.99-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 20 residential
lots and one common lot. The project is located on the west side of
Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On November 10, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
jointly approved a request for a one-year extension to a previously
approved Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit for 20
rowhomes with a State Dens ity Bonus with development waivers, to
replace three existing single family homes and one duplex, on a
0.99-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 20 residential
lots and one common lot. The project is located on the west side of
Sierra Vista Ave nue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
On November 10, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
jointly approved a request for a one-year extension to a previously
approved Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit for 20
rowhomes with a State Density Bonus with development waivers, to
replace three existing single-family homes and one duplex, on a
0.99-acre project APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS site; and a Tentative
Map to create 20 residential lots and one common lot. The project is
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Old Middlefield Way in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
distric t.
2022 6
On November 10, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
jointly approved a request for a one-year extension to a previously
approved Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit for 20
rowhomes with a State Density Bonus with development waivers, to
replace three existing single-family homes and one duplex, on a
0.99-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 20 residential
lots and one common lot. The project is located on the west side of
Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) distric t.
2022 8
On November 10, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a request for a one-year extension to a
previously approved Planned Unit Development and Development Review
Permit for 20 rowhomes with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, to replace three existing single-family homes and one duplex,
on a 0.99-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 20 resident
ial lots and one common lot. The project is located on the west side
of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way
in the R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district. APPROVED
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
2022 10
On November 10, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a request for a one-year extension to a
previously approved Planned Unit Development and Development Review
Permit for 20 rowhomes with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, to replace three existing single-family homes and one duplex,
on a 0.99-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 20
residential lots and one common lot. The project is located on the
west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Old
Middlefield Way in the R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2022 12
 " 
2023 2
On November 10, 2020, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a request for a one-year extension to a
previously approved Planned Unit Development and Development Review
Permit for 20 rowhomes with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS to replace three existing
single-family homes and one duplex, on a 0.99-acre project site; and a
Tentative Map to create 20 residential lots and one common lot. The
project is located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in the R3-2 (Multiple- Family
Residential) district.
---
801 W. El Camino Real  801welcaminoreal
2015 11
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site, replacing 22,380 square
feet of existing commercial development. review.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA (Commercial/Resid
ential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned Community) district, a
Planned Community Permit to construct a new mixed-use project with 164
apartment units and 10,800 square feet of commercial space on a 2.39
acre project site, replacing 22,380 square feet o f existing
commercial development.
2016 3
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site, replacing 22,380 square
feet of existing commercial development.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from the CRA
(Commercial/Residential- Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a new
mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square feet of
commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. The project is located
on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Castro Street in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. December 9, 2014. Under
Construction.
2018 1
On December 9, 2014 the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P
(Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct
a new mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square
feet of commercial space on a 2.3 9 acre project site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Castro
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On December 9, 2014 the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P
(Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct
a new mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square
feet of commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Castro
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 9
On December 9, 2014 the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P
(Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct
a new mixed-use p roject with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square
feet of commercial space on a 2.39 acre project site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Castro
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 11
On December 9, 2014 the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P
(Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct
a new mixed-use project with 164 apartment units and 10,800 square
feet of commercial space on a 2.3 9 acre project site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Castro
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
412 El Camino Real W. 412elcaminorealw
2014 2
In December 2013, an application was subm itted for a new 8,700 square
foot medical building to replace a vacant fast food re staurant and
used car lot. A formal application is expected in March 2014.
2014 3
In February 2014, an application was submitted for a new 8,700 square
foot medical building to replace a vacant fast food restaurant and
used car lot. A final Administrative Zoning hearing is expected in
summer 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
The project involves the remov al of two small, vacant commercial
structures. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 8
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June. A City Council hearing could be hea rd in
fall 2014. The project involves the remov al of two small, vacant
commercial structures. Status/Next Step(s): Approved, but appealed.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 10
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June, but was withdrawn in September. The
project involves the remov al of two small, vacant c ommercial
structures. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Building Permit is under
review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
2014 11
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June, but was withdrawn in September. The
project involves the remov al of two small, vacant commerc ial
structures. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. A building permit is under
review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
2014 12
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June, but was withdrawn in September. The
project involves the remov al of two small, vacant commercial
structures. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. A building p ermit is under
review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June, but was withdrawn in September. The
project involves the removal of two small, vacant commercial
structures. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. A building permit is under
review. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
2015 3
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June, but was withdrawn in September. The
project involves the remov al of two small, vacant commercial
structures and one Heritage tree. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction began in February 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Meridian
Property Ventures
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June 2014, but was withdrawn in September 2014.
The project involves the remov al of two small, vacant commercial
structures and one Heritage tree. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction began in February 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Meridian
Property Ventures
2015 6
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June 2014, but was withdrawn in September 2014.
The project involves the remov al of two small, vacant commercial
structures and one Heritage tree. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction began in February 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Ander son Applicant: Meridian
Property Ventures
2015 8
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June 2014, but was withdrawn in September 2014.
The project involves the remov al of two small, vacant commercial
structures and one Heritage tree. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction began in February 2015. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Meridian
Property Ventures
2015 9
In May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
8,582 square foot medical office building on a 24,484 square foot lot.
An appeal was filed in June 2014, but was withdrawn in September 2014.
The project involves the remov al of two small, vacant commercial
structures and one Heritage tree.
2015 10
 " 
---
2044 and 2054 Montecito Ave nue  2044and2054montecitoavenue
2017 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Developmen t Review Permit
to replace a 52-unit apartme nt complex with a 52-unit rowhouse
project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 41 Heritage
trees on a 2.78 acre site located on the north side of Montecito Av
enue between Sierra Vista Ave nue and North Rengstorff Ave nue in the
R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2017 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development and a Development Review Permit
to create 52 residential lots associated with a rowhouse development
and a Tree Remova l Permit to remove 37 Heritage t rees on an existing
2.8 acre project site. This property is located north of Montecito
Avenue, between Central Expressway and San L uis A venue, in the
R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2017 6
Planned Unit Development, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map
for a 52-unit rowhouse development and a Tree Removal Permit to remove
37 Heritage trees on a 2.8 acre project site. Th e project is located
on the north side of Montecito Avenue between Central Expressway and
San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2018 1
On November 7, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
52-unit rowhouse development and a Tree Removal Permit to remove 35
Heritage trees on a 2.8 acre project site. Th e project is located on
the north side of Montecito Avenue between Central Expressway and San
Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On November 7, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
52-unit rowhouse development and a Tree Removal Per mit to remove 35
Heritage trees on a 2.8 acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of Montecito Avenue between Central Expressway and San
Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
On November 7, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
52-unit rowhouse development and a Tree Removal Permit to remove 35
Heritage trees on a 2.8 acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of Montecito Avenue between Central Expressway and San
Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 4
On November 7, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a 52-
unit rowhouse development and a Tree Removal Permit to remove 35
Heritage trees on a 2.8 acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of Montecito Avenue betw een Central Expressway and San
Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. •
Applicant: SummerHill Homes
2019 6
On November 7, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, a Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map for a
52-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 35 Heritage trees on a 2.8-acre project site. The project is
located on the north side of Montecito Avenue between Central
Expressway and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Mul tiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
On November 7, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
52-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 35 Heritage trees on a 2.8-acre project site. The project is
located on the north side of Montecito Avenue between Central
Expressway and San Luis Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On November 7, 2017, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development,
Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a 52-unit rowhouse
development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 35 Heritage
trees on a 2.8-acre project site. The project is located on the north
side of Montecito Avenue between Central Expressway and San Luis
Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multip le-Family Residential) district.
---
1991 Sun Mor Avenue 1991sunmoravenue
2013 5
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single-family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. Neighborhood input from 2012 was received about whether
access to the new subdivision should be from Martens Avenue or Sun Mor
Avenue. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis is under way. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application.
2013 6
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single-family subdivision with a form al application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis has begun. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submits a
complete application.
2013 7
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQ A analysis has begun. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application. (Nancy Minicucci)
2015 10
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit D evelopment permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at th e
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single- Family
Residential) district. Attachment:  October 2015 – Planning Division
Update Map
2015 11
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review P ermit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at the
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R 1-10 (Single- Family
Residential) district. Attachment:  November 2015 – Planning Division
Update Map
2015 12
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivid e
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at the
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single- Family
Residential) district. CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2016 2
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to su bdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at the
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single- Family
Residential) district. CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2016 3
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at the
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single- Family
Residential) district. March 9, 2016, Zoning Administrator hearing.
CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2016 4
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at the
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single- Family
Residential) district. scheduled for April 19, 2016. CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2016 6
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at the
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single- Family
Residential) district. CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at t he
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single- Family
Residential) district. permit plans under review. CITY-WIDE PROJECT
2017 2
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tenta tive Map to subdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at the
north terminus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single-Family
Residential) district. permi t plans under review.
2017 4
In August 2015, the applicant submitted a formal application for a for
a Planned Unit Development permit and a Development Review Permit to
allow development of 11 single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 27 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide
existing 5-acre lot into 12 lots. This property is located at the
north ter minus of Sun Mor Avenue, in the R1-10 (Single-Family
Residential) district. construction.
2018 1
On April 19, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
P ermit and a Development Review Permit to allow development of 11
single family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 27
Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide the 5-acre lot into
12 lots. The project is located at the north terminus of Sun Mor
Avenue in the R1-10 (Single-Family Residential) district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
---
1991 Sun Mor A ve. 1991sunmorave
2013 8
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA an alysis has begun. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application. (Nancy Minicucci)
2013 9
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis has begun. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application.
2013 10
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis has begu n. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application. (Nancy Minicucci)
2013 11
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis has begun. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application. (Nancy Minicucci)
2013 12
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis has begu n. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application. (Nancy Minicucci)
2014 1
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis has begun. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application.
2014 2
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an info rmal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal applic ation
following in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete application
in February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis has begun. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submits a
complete application.
2014 3
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and the CEQA analysis has begun. A
Council date cannot be projected until the applicant submit s a
complete application.
2014 4
In 2005, t he Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13
unit R1 single- family subdivision with a formal application following
in 2007. The applicant resubmitted a n incomplete application in
February 2013 for staff review and staff provided comment. N o
response has been provided by the applicant since then. CEQA action is
on hold due to inactivity. A Council date cannot be projected until
the applicant submit s a complete application.
2014 6
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a
13-unit single- family subdivision on a 5-acre site. A formal
application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete
application in February 2013 for staff review and staff provided
comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The property owner is
evaluating options for completing the application process at this ti
me. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 8
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a
13-unit single- family subdivision on a 5-acre site. A formal
application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incompl ete
application in February 2013 for staff review and staff provided
comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The property owner is
evaluating options for completing the application process at this
time. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planne r: Diana
Pancholi
2014 10
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a
13-unit single- family subdivision on a 5-acre site. A formal
application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete
application in February 2013 for staff review and staff provided
comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The property owner is
evaluating options for completing the application process at this
time. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Diana
Pancholi
2014 11
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal applicatio n for a
13-unit single- family subdivision on a 5-acre site. A formal
application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete
application in February 2013 for staff review and staff provided
comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The prop erty owner is
evaluating options for completing the application process at this
time. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Diana
Pancholi
2014 12
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a
13-unit single- family subdivision on a 5-acre site. A formal
application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete
application in February 2013 for staff review and staff provided
comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The property owner is eva
luating options for completing the application process at this time.
Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
2015 1
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a
13-unit single- family subdivision on a 5-acre site. A formal
application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete
application in February 2013 for staff review and staff provided
comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The property owner is
evaluating options for completing the application process at this
time. Planning Area: Miramonte/Spr inger Project Planner: Diana
Pancholi
2015 3
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a
13-unit single- family subdivision on a 5-acre site. A formal
application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete
application in February 2013 for staff review and staff provided
comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The property owner is
evaluating option s for completing the application process at this
time. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
Applicant: Todd R. Fujinaga
2015 4
In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a
13-unit single- family subdivision on a 5-acre site. A formal
application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an incomplete
application in February 2013 for staff review and staff provided
comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The property owner is eva
luating options for completing the application process at this time.
Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant:
Todd R. Fujinaga
---
1075 Terra Bella 1075terrabella
2015 5
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Revi ew Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R&D building
on a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of up to 24 heritage trees. The site currently contains a
single family home in the MM (General Industrial) Zoning Distric t.
Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Calvano Development
2015 6
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R& D building
on a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of up to 24 heritage trees. The site currently contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District. Status/Next Step(s): Awaiting revisions. Planning
Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant:
Calvano Development
2017 2
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a new 2-story,
19,301 square- foot office building, a Conditional Use Pe rmit for
office uses, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees on a 57,086 square foot lot.
2017 4
Request for a Development Review Per mit to construct a new 2-story,
19,301 square- foot office building, a Conditional Use Permit for
office uses, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees on a 57,086 square foot lot.
2018 1
On September 13, 2017 he Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 square-foot office
building, a Conditional Use Permit for office uses, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees on a 1.3 acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue
between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 square-foot office
building, a Conditional Use Permit for office uses, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees on a 1.3 acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue
between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2018 9
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 squ are-foot office
building, a Conditional Use Permit for office uses, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees on a 1.3 acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue
between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2018 11
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 square-foot office
building, a Conditional Use Permit for office uses, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees on a 1.3 acre project
site. The project is located on the sou th side of Terra Bella Avenue
between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2019 2
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 square-foot office
building, a Conditional Use Permit for office uses, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees on a 1.3 acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Terra B ella Avenue
between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2019 4
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 square-foot office
building, a Conditional Use Permit for office uses, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees on a 1.3 acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue
between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael Avenue i n the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2019 6
On September 13, 2017, the Zoning Administrat or approved a
Development Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 square-
foot office building, a Cond itional Use Permit for office uses, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove 29 Heritage trees on a
1.3-acre project site. The project is located on the so uth side of
Terra Bella Avenue between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in
the MM (General Industrial) district.
2019 8
On September 13, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional
Use Permit for office use, a Development Review Permit to construct a
new 2-story, 19,301 square-foot office building, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees on a 1.3- acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue
between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2019 10
On September 25, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Permit
Extension for a Conditional Use Permit for an office use, a
Development Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 square-
foot office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29
Heritage trees on a 1.3-acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between Linda Vista Ave nue and
San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
2020 3
On September 25, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a Conditional Use Permit for an office use, a
Development Review Permit to construct a new 2-story, 19,301 square-
foot office building on a 1.3-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees; and a Parcel Map to merge
three parcels into one parcel. The project is located on the south
side of Terra Bella Avenue between Linda Vista Avenue and San Rafael
Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
2020 5
 " 
---
SummerHill Apartments  (2650 El summerhillapartments2650el
2013 8
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, Council approved a 193- unit apartment
project at the former San Antonio Inn. Construction began in February
2013 and c ompletion is expected in fal l 2014.
2013 9
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, Council approved a 193- unit apartment
project at the former San Antonio Inn. Construction began in February
2013 and c ompletion is expected in fall 2014.
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, Council approved a 193- unit apartment
project at the former San Antonio Inn. Construction began in February
2013 and c ompletion is expected in fall 2014. (San Antonio Planning
Area) ( Nancy Minicucci)
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, Council approved a 193-unit apartment
project at the former San Antonio Inn. Construction began in February
2013 and completion is expected in fall 2014. (San Antonio Planning
Area) (Nancy Minicucci)
2014 3
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, Council approved a 193- unit apartment
project at the former San Antonio Inn. Construction began in February
2013 and c ompletion is expected in fall 2014. (San Antonio Planning
Area) ( Nancy Minicucci)
2014 4
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, Council approved a 193-unit apartment
project at the former San Antonio Inn. Construction began in February
2013 and c ompletion is expected in fall 2014. (San Antonio Planning
Area) (Nancy Minicucci)
2014 6
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story,
193-unit residential apartment project with underground parking on a
2.91-acre project site replacing the former San Antonio Inn motel.
Link to Developer’s Website:
http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-boulevard
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February 2013 and
is expected to be completed in fall 2014. Project Planner: Melinda
Denis
2014 8
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story,
193-unit residential apartment project with underground parking on a
2.91-acre project site replacing the former 60- unit San Antonio Inn
motel, and 5,600 square feet of commercial space. Link to Developer’s
Website: http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-
boulevard Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
February 2013 and is expected to be completed in fall 2014. Project
Planner: Melinda Denis
2014 10
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story,
193-unit residential apartment project with underground parking on a
2.91-acre project site replacing the former 60-unit San Antonio Inn
motel, and 5,600 square feet of commercial space. Link to Developer’s
Website: http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-
boulevard Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
February 2013 and is expected to be completed by the end of 2014.
Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2014 11
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story,
193-unit residential apartment project with under ground parking on a
2.91-acre project site replacing the former 60-unit San Antonio Inn
motel, and 5,600 square feet of commercial space. Link to Developer’s
Website: http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-
boulevard Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
February 2013 and is expected to be completed by the end of 2014.
Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2014 12
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story,
193-unit residential apartment project with underground parking on a
2.91-acre project site replacing the former 60-unit San Antonio Inn
motel, and 5,600 square feet of commercial space. Link to Developer’s
Website: http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-
boulevard Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
February 2013 and is expected to be completed by February 2015.
Project Planner: Melinda Denis
2015 1
 " 
2015 3
Camino Real W.) In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story,
193-unit residential apartment project with underground parking on a
2.91-acre project site replacing the former 60-unit San Antonio Inn
motel, 5,600 square feet of commercial space, removal of six Heritage
trees and relocation of two Heritage trees on-site. Link to
Developer’s Website:
http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-boulevard
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began i n February 2013
and is expected to be completed by March 2015. Project Planner:
Melinda Denis Applicant: SummerHill Apartment Communities
---
86 El Camino Real 86elcaminoreal
2015 1
In November 2014, Wonder Years Preschool submitted an informal
application to build a new 2-story, 4,400-square-foot preschool
building on a site adjacent to their current property. The project
would replace an existing 1-story building that currently houses a
car-stereo business. Status/Next Step(s): Informal review. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2015 3
In November 2014, Wonder Years Preschool submitted an informal
application to build a new 2-story, 4,400-square-foot preschool
building on a site adjacent to their current property. The project
would replace an existing 1-story building that currently houses a
car-stereo business. Status/Next Step(s): Informal review. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant:
Wonder Years Preschool
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
In November 2014, Wonder Years Preschool submitted an informal
application to build a new 2-story, 4,400-square-foot preschool
building on a site adjacent to their current property. The project
would replace an existing 1-story building that currently houses a
car-stereo business. Status/Next Step(s): Informal review. Planning
Area: Central Neighbor hoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant:
Wonder Years Preschool
2015 6
In November 2014, Wonder Years Preschool submitted an informal
application to build a new 2-story, 4,400-square-foot preschool
building on a site adjacent to their current property. The project
would replace an existing 1-story building that currently houses a
car-stereo business. Status/Next Step(s): Informal review. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant:
Wonder Years Preschool
2015 8
In June 2015, Wonder Years Preschool submitted a formal applica tion
to build a new 2-story, 4,8 00-square-foot preschool building on a
site adjacent to their current property. The project would replace an
existing 1-story buil ding that currently houses a car-stereo
business. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: Wonder Years
Preschool
2015 9
In June 2015, Wonder Years Preschool submitted a formal applica tion
to build a new 2-story, 4,8 00-square-foot preschool building on a
site adjacent to their current property. The project would replace an
existing 1-story building that currently houses a car-stereo business.
2015 10
In June 2015, Wonder Years Preschool submitted a formal applica tion
to build a new 2-story, 4,8 00-square-foot preschool building on a
site ad jacent to their current property. The project would replace an
existing 1-story building that currently houses a car-stereo business.
tentatively scheduled for October 14, 2015.
2015 11
On October 14, 2015, the acting Zoning Administrator approved an
application by Wonder Years Preschool to build a new 2-story, 4,8
00-square-foot preschool building on a site adjacent to their current
property. The project would replace an existing 1-story building that
currently houses a car-stereo business.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
On October 14, 2015, the acting Zoning Administrator approved an
application by Wonder Years Preschool to build a new 2-story, 4,8
00-square-foot preschool building on a site adjacent to their current
property. The pr oject would replace an existing 1-story building that
currently houses a car-stereo business.
2016 3
On October 14, 2015, the Zoning Administrator approved an application
by Wonder Years Preschool to build a new 2-story, 4,8 00-square-foot
preschool building on a site adjacent to their current property. The
project would replace an existing 1-story building that currently
houses a car-stereo business.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
---
840 East El Camino Real 840eastelcaminoreal
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to allow an 18,748 square-foot,
four-story wing addition, including 40 new guest rooms and 4,122
square feet of ground floor commercial space to an existing four-
story, 160-room hotel, a Provisional Use Permit for roo f top
amenities above the third floor, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove three Heritage trees, on an existing 2.3 acre site.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Planned Community Permit to allow an 18,748 square-foot, four-story
addition, including 40 new guest rooms and 4,122 square feet of ground
floor commercial space to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel, a
Provisional Use Permit for roof top amenities abo ve the third floor,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees on a
2.3 acre project site. This project is located on the far East end of
El Camino Real in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 1
On November 7, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Revie w Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366
square-foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel,
including 38 new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of ground floor
commercial space, a Provisional Use Permit to allow 49 parking spaces
in lieu of 260 re quired, to allow rooftop amenities above third
floor, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage
trees, including four street trees. The project is located on the
north side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the City
limits in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On November 7, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366
square-foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel,
including 38 new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of groun d floor
commercial space, a Provisional Use Permit to allow 49 parking spaces
in lieu of 260 required, to allow rooftop amenities above third floor,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees,
including four street trees. The project is located on the north side
of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the City limits in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
On November 7, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366
square-foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel,
including 38 new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of ground floor
commercial space, a Provisional Use Permit to allow 49 parking spaces
in lieu of 260 required, to allow rooftop amenities above third floor,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to rem ove seven Heritage trees,
including four street trees. The project is located on the north side
of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the City limits in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 4
On November 7, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366
square-foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel,
including 38 new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of ground floor
commercial space, a Provisional Use Permit to allow 49 parking spaces
in lieu of 260 required, to allow rooftop amenities above third floor,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Perm it to remove seven Heritage trees,
including four street trees. The project is located on the north side
of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the City limits in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On November 7, 2017, the City Council ap proved a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366
square-foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel,
including 38 new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of ground floor
commercial space, a Provisional Use Permit to allow 49 parking spaces
in lieu of 260 required, to allow roof top amenities above third floo
r, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees,
including four City street trees. The project is located on the north
side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the City limits in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On November 7, 2017, the City Council approved a Provisional Use
Permit to allow 49 parking spaces in lieu of 260 required and allow
rooftop amenities above the third floor, a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366 square-
foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel, including 38
new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of gro und floor commercial
space, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage
trees, including four street trees. The proje ct is located on the
north side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the City
limits in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On November 7, 2017, the City Council approved a Provisional Use
Permit to allow 49 parking spaces in lieu of 260 required and allow
rooftop amenities above the third floor, a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366 square-
foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel, including 38
new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of ground floor commercial
space, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage
trees, including four street trees. The project is located on the
north side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the City
limits in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On November 13, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a Provisional Use Permit for a parking reduction
and rooftop amenities above the third floor; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366
square-foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel,
including 38 new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of ground floor
commercial space; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven
Heritage trees, including four street trees. The project is locat ed
on the north side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the
City limits in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 5
On November 13, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year
Permit Extension for a Provisional Use Permit for a parking reduction
and rooftop amenities above the third floor; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a four-story, 18,366
square-foot addition to an existing four-story, 160-room hotel,
including 38 new guest rooms and 4,024 square feet of ground floor
commercial space; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven
Heritage trees, including four street trees. The project is located on
the north side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Ave and the City
limits in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
400 San Antonio Rd. 400sanantoniord
2015 10
Informal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to
construct 605 apartment units, in two 5-story buildings and one
7-story building and 9,200 square feet of commercial to replace 7
existing retail, office and industrial buildings totaling
approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side
of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the
P-40 (San Antonio Center) Precise Plan. 2015. Informal review of the
plans is scheduled for DRC in November 2015.
2015 11
Informal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to
construct 605 apartment units, in two 5-story buildings and one
7-story building and 9,200 square feet of commercial to replace 7
existing retail, office and industria l buildings totaling
approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side
of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the
P-40 (San Antonio Center) Precise Plan. 2015. Informal review of the
plans is scheduled for DRC in November 2015.
2015 12
Informal review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to
construct 605 apartment unit s, in two 5-story buildings and one
7-story building and 9,200 square feet of commercial space to replace
7 existing retail, office and industrial buildings totaling
approximately 80,670 square feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side
of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the
P-40 (San Antonio Center) Precise Plan. 2015. Informal review of the
plans by the DRC took place in November 2015.
2016 2
Review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 600
apartment units, in two 5-story buildings and one 7-story building and
9,400 square feet of commercial space to replace 7 existing retail,
office and industrial buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square
feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between
F ayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio Center)
Precise Plan. fall 2015. A DRC meeting is scheduled for February 17,
2016 to review the formal submittal.
2016 3
Review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 60 0
apartment units, in two 5-story buildings and one 7-story building and
9,4 00 square feet of commercial space to replace 7 existing retail,
office and industrial buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square
feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio Center)
Precise Plan. fall 2015. A DRC meeting is scheduled for March 16, 2016
to review the formal submittal.
2016 4
Review of a request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 580
apartment units, in two 5-story buildings and one 7-story building and
9,4 00 square feet of commercial space to replace 7 existing retail,
office and industrial buildings totaling approximately 80,670 square
feet on a 5.7 acre site, on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio Center)
Precise Plan.
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 582 apartment
units and 11,162 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two
five-story and one seven- story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waive rs allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into one parcel on an existing 5.7 acre site located
on the west side of San Antonio Road be tween Fayette Drive and Miller
Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2016 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 582 apartment
units and 11,162 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two
five-story and one seven- story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waive rs allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into two parcel s on an existing 5.7 acre site
located on the west side of San Antonio Road b etween Fayette Drive
and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. 7, 2016.
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 583 apartment
units and 11,162 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two
five-story and one seven- story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waive rs allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into two parcel s on an existing 5.7 acre site
located on the west side of San Antonio Road b etween Fayette Drive
and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. 2016.
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 583 apartment
units and 11,171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two
five-story and one seven- story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into two parcel s on an existing 5.7 acre site
located on the west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and
Miller Avenue i n the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. 2016. Building
permit plan s are currently under review.
2017 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 583 apartment
units and 11,171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two
five-story and one seven- story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; an d a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine
five existing parcels into two parcel s on an existing 5.7 acre site
located on the west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and
Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct
583 apartment units and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial
space in two five-story and one seven-story building s with
underground parking to replace seven existing retail, office, and
industrial buildings, including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with
development waive rs allow ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 59 Heritage trees; and a
Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five existing parcels into two
parcel s on a 5.7 acre project site. The project is located on the
west side of San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue
in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2018 1
On September 27, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two five-
story and one seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7 acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
On September 27, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two five-
story and one seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7 acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of San Antonio Roa d between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2018 7
On September 27, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two five-
story and one seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7 acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
---
294 - 296 Tyrella Avenue 294296tyrellaavenue
2018 9
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 13- unit rowhouse developmen t on a 0.48-acre project
site. This project is located on the south west corner of Tyrella
Avenue and East Middlefield Road in the R3-1 (Multiple- Family
Residential) district.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 13- unit rowhouse developmen t on a 0.48-acre project
site. This project is located on the south west corner of Tyrella
Avenue and East Middlefield Road in the R3-1 (Multiple- Family
Residenti al) district.
2019 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 13- unit rowhouse developm ent on a 0.48- acre project
site. This project is located on the south west corner of Tyrella
Avenue and East Middlefield Road in the R3-1 (Multiple- Family
Residential) district. • Applicant: Forrest Linebarger
2019 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Per mit and a Development
Review Permit for a 13-unit rowhouse development on a 0.48-acre pr
oject site. This project is located on the southwest corner of Tyrella
Avenue and East Middlefield Road in the R3-1 (Multiple- Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 13-unit rowhouse developmen t to replace one
existing dwelling unit on a 0.48- acre project site. This project is
located on the south west corner of Tyrella Avenue and East
Middlefield Road in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow a 13-unit rowhouse developmen t to replace one
existing dwelling unit on a 0.48-acre project site. This project is
located on the south west corner of Tyrella Avenue and East
Middlefield Road in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow 11 rowhouse s to replace one existing dwelling unit on
a 0.48-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 11 residential
lots and one common lot. This project is located on the south west
corner of Tyrella Avenue and East Middlefield Road in the R3-1 (Mult
iple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow 11 rowhouse s to replace one existing dwelling unit on
a 0.48-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 11 residential
lots and one common lot. This project is located on the south west
corner of Tyrella Avenue and East Middlefield Road in the R3-1
(Multiple-Fami ly Residential) district.
2022 2
On November 16, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow 11 rowhouses to replace
one existing single-family home and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove one Heritage tree on a 0.52-acre proje ct site; and a Tentative
Map to create 11 residential lots and one common lot. This project is
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and East Middlefield
Road in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. Project is
subject to SB 330.
2022 4
On November 16, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow 11 rowhouses to replace
one existing single-family home and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove one Heritage tree on a 0.52-acre project site; and a Tentative
Map to create 11 residential lots and one common lot. This project is
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and East Middlefield
Road in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. Project is
subject to SB 330.
2022 6
On November 16, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow 11 rowhouses to replace
one existing single-family home and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove one Heritage tree on a 0.52-acre proje ct site; and a Tentative
Map to create 11 residential lots and one common lot. This project is
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and East Middlefield
Road in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. Project is
subject to SB 330.
2022 8
On November 16, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow 11 rowhouses to replace
one existing single-family home and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove one Heritage tree on a 0.52-acre project site; and a Tentative
Map to create 11 residential lots and one common lot. This project is
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and East Middlefield
Road in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. Project is
subject to SB 330.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On November 16, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow 11 rowhouses to replace
one existing single-family home and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove one Heritage tree on a 0.52-acre proje ct site; and a Tentative
Map to create 11 residential lots and one common lot. This project is
located on the southwest corner of Tyrella Avenue and East Middlefield
Road in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. Project is
subject to SB 330.
2023 2
 " 
---
2700 West El Camino Real 2700westelcaminoreal
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 211 apartment
units and 2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with
underground parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant
buildings, including a 20% State Density Bonus with development
waivers allowing up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total height of up
to five stories/ 65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet
wide, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees
on a 2.2 acre project site on the north side of El Camino Real between
Del Medio Avenue and Cesano C ourt in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct
211 apartment units and 2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial
space with underground parking to replace an existing motel and vacant
restaurant buildings, including a 20% State Density Bonus with
development waivers allowing up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total
height of up to five stories/ 65 feet, reduced open space dimension to
15 feet wide, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five
Heritage trees on a 2.2 acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of El Camino Real between Del Medio Avenue and C esano
C ourt in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. 2017.
2018 1
On June 27, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% State Density Bonus with development waivers allowing
up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total height of up to five stories/
65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet wide, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2 acre
project site. The project is located on the north side of El Camino
Real between Del Medio Avenue and C esano C ourt in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 3
On June 27, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% State Density Bonus with development waivers allowing
up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total height of up to five stories/
65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet wide, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2 acre
project site. The project is located on the north side of El Camino
Real between Del Medio Avenue and Cesano C ourt in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2018 5
On June 27, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% State Density Bonus with development waivers allowing
up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total height of up to five stories/
65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet wide, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2 acre
project site. The project is located on the north side of El Camino
Real between Del Medio Avenue and C esano C ourt in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 7
 " 
2018 9
On June 27, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% State Dens ity Bonus with development waivers allowing
up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total height of up to five
stories/65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet wide, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2
acre project s ite. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Del Medio Avenue and Cesano Court in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 11
On June 27, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment unit s and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% State Density Bonus with development waivers allowing
up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total he ight of up to five
stories/65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet wide, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Del Medio Aven ue and Cesano Court in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 2
On June 27, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% State Dens ity Bonus with development waivers allowing
up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total height of up to five
stories/65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet wide, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2
acre project s ite. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Del Medio Avenue and Cesano Court in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 4
On June 27, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% State Density Bonus with development waivers allowing
up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total height of up to five
stories/65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet wide, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2
acr e project site. The project is located on the north side of El
Camino Real between Del Medio Avenue and Cesano Court in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On June 27, 2017 the City Council approv ed a Planned Community Permit
and a Development Review Permit to construct 211 ap artment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with undergroun d
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% St ate Density Bonus allowing up to 2.20 FAR, and a
total height of up to five stories, an d a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2 acre project site. The
project is located on the north side of El Camino Real between Del
Medio Avenue and Cesano Court in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise
Plan.
2019 8
On June 27, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant building s,
including a 20% State Density Bonus, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2-acre project site. The
project is located on the north side of El Camino Real between Del
Medio Avenue and Cesano Court in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise
Plan.
2019 10
On June 27, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant buildings,
including a 20% State Dens ity Bonus, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2-acre project site. The
project is located on the north side of El Camino Real between Del
Medio Avenue and Cesano Court in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise
Plan.
2020 3
On June 27, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 211 apartment units and
2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with underground
parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant building s,
including a 20% State Density Bonus, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 2.2-acre project site. The
project is located on the north side of El Camino Real between Del
Medio Avenue and Cesano Court in the P- 38 (El Camino Real) Precise
Plan.
2020 5
 " 
---
1919 - 1933 Gamel Way and 574 Escuela  Avenue 19191933gamelwayand574escuelaavenue
2018 9
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 53 unit condominium development with underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a
1.17 acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 11
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 53 unit condominium development with underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a
1.17 acre project site. This project is locat ed on the southwest
corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 53 unit condominium development with underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a
1.17 acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family
Residential) d istrict.
2019 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 118 unit condominium development with underground
parking, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage
trees on a 2.31 acre project site. This project is loca ted on the
southwest corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Per mit and a Development
Review Permit for a 118-unit condominium development with un derground
parking, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 7 Heritage trees
on a 2.31-acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1 (Multiple- Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a new 118-unit condominium development with
underground parking to replace 29 apartment units located in seven
existing multi-family buildings, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove seven Heritage trees on a 2.31-acre project site. This project
is located on the southwest corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in
the R3-1 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow a 4-story, 118-unit condominium building with two-
levels of underground parking to replace 29 apartment units located in
seven existing multi-family buildings, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 7 Heritage trees on a 2.31-acre project site. This
project is located on the southwest corner of Gamel Way and Escuela
Aven ue in the R3-1 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow a 4-story, 121-unit condominium building with a
Density Bonus of up to 35% and two-levels of underground parking to
replace 29 apartment units located in existing multi-family buildings;
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a
2.3-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 121 condominium
units and one common lot. This project is located on the southwest
corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1 (Multiple- Family
Residential) district.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On September 26, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a 4-story,
121-unit condominium building with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers and one level of underground parking to replace 29
apartment units located in existing multi-family residential
buildings; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees
on a 2.3-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 121
condominium units and one common lot. Th e project is located on the
southwest corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
 " 
2023 2
 " 
---
186 East Mid dlefield Road 186eastmiddlefieldroad
2018 9
On May 17, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for an 8-unit condominium project
over a shared parking podium, replacing several small residential
structures and a request to remove four Heritage trees. The proj ect
will be oriented toward Flynn Avenue and will not remove the struct
ures facing East Middlefield Road.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
On May 17, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit for an 8-unit co ndominium
project over a shared parking podium, replacing several small
residential st ructures and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
four Heritage trees. The project w ill be oriented toward Flynn Avenue
and will not remove the structures facing East Middlefie ld Road. The
project site is located on the north side of Middlefield Road between
Tyrella Avenue and North Whisman Road in the R3-2 (Multi-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
On May 17, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for an 8-unit condominium project
over a shared parking podium, replacing several small residential
structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove four Heritage
trees. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Avenue and will not
remove the struct ures facing East Middlefield Road. This property
spans the block between East Middlefield Road and Flynn Avenue between
Tyrella Street and North Whisman Ro ad in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 10
On May 17, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for an 8-unit condominium project
over a shared parking podium, replacing several small residential
structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove four Heritage
trees. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Avenue and will not
remove the struct ures facing East Middlefield Road. This property
spans the block between East Middlefield Road and Flynn Avenu e
between Tyrella Street and North Whisman Road in the R3-2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2020 3
On May 17, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for an 8-unit condominium project
over a shared parking podium, replacing several small residential
structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove four Her
itage trees. The project will be oriented toward Flynn Avenue and will
not remove the struct ures facing East Middlefield Road. This property
spans the block between East Middlefield Road and Flynn Avenue between
Tyrella Street and North Whisman Road in th e R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On May 17, 2016, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for an 8-unit condominium project
with an above-ground parking podium, replacing several small
residential structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 4
Heritage trees. The project spans the block between East Middlefield
Road and Flynn Avenue between Tyrella Street and North Whisman Road in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
On May 17, 2016, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for an 8-unit condominium project
with an above-ground parking podium, replacing several small
residential structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 4
Heritage trees. PROJECTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION The project spans the
block between East Middlefield Road and Flynn Avenue between Tyrella
Street and North Whisman Road in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 12
On May 17, 2016, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for an 8-unit condominium project
with an above-ground parking podium, replacing several small
residential structures, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 4
Heritage trees. The project spans the block between East Middlefield
Road and Flynn Avenue between Tyrella Street and North Whisman Road in
the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2023 2
 " 
---
1313 and 1347 West El Camino Real 1313and1347westelcaminoreal
2016 10
Request for a Planne d Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit with a 32.5% density bonus, under State Density Bonus Law, to
construct a four-story, 24-unit apartment complex above ground floor
commercial with two tenant spaces and two levels of underground
parking on a.45 acre lot. The project site is located on the southwest
corner of West El Camino Real and Mou ntain View Avenue in the P-38
(El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, with a 35% State Density Bonus, to construct a four-story,
mixed-use project with 24 apartment units above ground floor
commercial space and two levels of underground parking on a 0.45 acre
project site. The project is located on the southw est corner of West
El Camino Real and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2019 2
On December 12, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit, with a 35% State
Density Bonus, to construct a four- story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45 acre proje ct site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Mountain
View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 4
On December 12, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit, with a 35% State
Density Bonus, to construct a four- story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45 ac re project site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Mountain
View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On December 12, 2018, the Zoning Administ rator approved a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit with a 35% State
Density Bonus to construct a four- story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45-acre project site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Mountain
View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On December 12, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit, with a 35% State
Density Bonus, to construct a four- story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45-acre project site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Mountain
View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
On December 11, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit, with a 35% State
Density Bonus, to construct a four- story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45-acre proje ct site; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to combine 9 lots into a single lot for the project. The
project is located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and
Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Request for a one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit
and a Development Review Permit, with a 35% State Density Bonus, to
construct a four-story, mixed-use project with 24 apartment units
above ground floo r commercial space and two levels of underground
parking on a 0.45-acre project site; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to
combine 9 lots into a single lot for the project. The project is
located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and Mountain
View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 2
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a
one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit and a
Development Review Permit, with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, to construct a four-story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45-acre project site; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to combine 9 lots into a single lot for the project. The
project is located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and
Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
On August 12, 202 0, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a
one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit and a
Development Review Permit, with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, to construct a four-story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45-acre project site; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to combine 9 lots into a single lot for the project. The
project is located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and
Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a
one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit and a
Development Review Permit, with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, to construct a four-story, mixed-use projec t with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45-acre project site; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to combine 9 lots into a single lot for the project. The
project is located on the southwest corne r of West El Camino Real and
Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 8
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a
one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit and a
Development Review Permit, with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, to construct a four-story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45-acre project site; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to combine 9 lots into a single lot for the project. The
project is located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and
Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a
one-year Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit and a
Development Review Permit, with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, to construct a four-story, mixed-use project with 24
apartment units above ground floor commercial space and two levels of
underground parking on a 0.45-acre project site; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to combine 9 lots into a single lot for the project. The
project is located on the southwest corner of West El Camino Real and
Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Cami no Real) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
 " 
---
100 Mayfield Ave. 100mayfieldave
2013 8
In May 2012, Four Corners Properties purchased the site with the
intent to rehabilitate the existing office building. Planning permits
were approved in September and November 2012 and January and June 2013
for site, landscaping and exterior building modif ications and the
removal of 116 Heritage trees. A t enant has not been announced.
2013 9
In 2012 and 2013, permits were approved for site, landscaping and
exterior building changes and the removal of 116 Heritage trees. In
August 2013, it was announced that Google leased the building.
2013 10
In 2012 and 2013, permits were approved for site, landscaping and
exterior building changes and the removal of 116 Heritage trees. In
August 2013, it was announced that Google leased the building.
(Margaret Netto)
2013 11
In 2012 and 2013, permits were approved for site, landscaping and
exterior building changes and the removal of 116 Heritage trees. In
August 2013, it was announced that Google leased the building.
2013 12
In 2012 and 2013, permits were approved for site, landscaping and
exterior building changes and the removal of 116 Heritage trees.
Completion expected in early 2015. In August 2013, it was announced
that Google leased the building.
2014 1
In 2012 and 2013, permits were approved for site, landscaping and
exterior building changes and the removal of 116 Heritage trees.
Completion expected in early 2015. In August 2013, it was announced
that Google leased the building. (Margaret Netto)
2014 2
In 2012 and 2013, permits were approved fo r site, landscaping and
exterior building changes and the removal of 116 Heritage trees.
Completion expected in early 2015. In August 2013, it was announced
that Google leased the building.
2014 3
In 2012 and 2013, permits were approved for site, landscaping and
exterior building changes and the removal of 116 Heritage trees. In
August 2013, it was announced that Google leased the building.
Constriction began in April 2014 and c ompletion is expected in late
2014.
2014 4
In 2012 and 2013, permits were approved for site, landscaping and
exterior building changes and the removal of 116 Heritage trees. In
August 2013, it was announced that Google leased the building. Constr
uction began in April 2014 and c ompletion is expected in late 2014.
2014 6
In 2012 and 2013, after significant public input and support from
neighbors, the Zoning Administrator approved permits for the site,
including landscaping and exterior building changes, and the removal
of 116 Heritage trees. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in April 2014 and is expected to be completed in late 2014.
Planning Area: Monta Loma Project Planner: Margaret Net to
2014 8
In 2012 and 2013, after significant public input and support from
neighbors, the Zoning Administrator approved permits for the site,
including landscaping and exterior building changes, and the removal
of 116 Heritage trees. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in April 2014 and is expected to be completed in late 2014.
Planning Area: Monta Loma Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 10
In 2012 and 2013, after significant public input and support from
neighbors, the Zoning Administrator approved permits for the site,
including landscaping and exterior building changes, and the removal
of 116 Her itage trees. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in April 2014 and is expected to be completed in spring 2014.
Planning Area: Monta Loma Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 11
In 2012 and 2013, after significant public input and support from
neighbors, the Zoning Administrator approved permits for the site,
including landscaping and exterior building changes, and the removal
of 116 Heritage trees. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in April 2014 and is expected to be completed in spring 2014.
Planning Area: Monta Loma Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 12
In 2012 and 2013, after significant public input and support from
neighbors, the Zoning Administrator approved permits for the site,
including landscaping and exterior building changes, and the removal
of 116 Heritage trees. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in April 2014 and is expected to be completed in spring 2015.
Planning Area: Monta Loma Project Planner: Margaret Netto
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In 2012 and 2013, after significant public input and support from
neighbors, the Zoning Administrator approved permits for the site,
including landscaping and exterior building changes, and the removal
of 116 Heritage trees. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in April 2014 and is expected to be completed in spring 2015.
Planning Area: Monta Loma Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
---
Charleston Retention Basin Habitat Restoration Project charlestonretentionbasinhabitatrestorationproject
2015 3
In January 2014, Google submitted an application to improve the
Charleston Retention Basin. The project includes restoration and
enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding landscape, and trail system
for the area just south of the Steirlin Court and west of North
Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area:
North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams Applicant: Google,
Inc.
2015 4
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, and trail system for the area. Status/Next Step(s): Under
Review. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: Google, Inc.
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, and trail system for the area. Status/Next Ste p(s): Under
Review. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: Google, Inc.
2015 8
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding land
scape, and trail system for the area. Status/Next Step(s): Under
Review. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: Google, Inc.
2015 9
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, and trail system for the area.
2015 10
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the sur rounding
landscape, and trail system for the area.
2015 11
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, and trail system for the area.
2015 12
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, an d trail system for the area.
2016 2
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, and trail system for the area.
2016 3
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding la
ndscape, and trail system for the area.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, and trail system for the area.
2016 8
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charles ton Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, and trail system for the area.
2016 10
In January 2014, Google submitted an application for a habitat
restoration project at the Charleston Retention Basin. The project
includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the surrounding
landscape, and trail system for the area.
---
360 South Shoreline Boulevard 360southshorelineboulevard
2017 2
Request for a r ezon e from R1 (Single-Family) to P (Planned
Community) district, and a Planned Community Permit to construct three
buildings with seven apartment units total for staff housing, a
Heritage Tree Re moval Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a
Preliminary Parcel M ap to create two parcels from the existing four
parcel s on a 2.95 acre school site (Mountain View Academy). San
Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio Planning Area
2017 4
Request for a r ezon e from R1 (Single-Family) to P (Planned
Community) district, and a Planned Community Permit to construct three
buildings with seven apartment units total for staff housing, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a
Preliminary Parcel M ap to create two parcels from the existing four
parcel s on a 2.95 acre school site (Mountain View Academy). San
Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio Planning Area
2018 1
Request for a Rezone from R1 (Single-Family Residential) to P (P
lanned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct
three buildings with seven apartment units for staff housing, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a
Parcel M ap to create two parcels from the existing four parcel s on a
2.95 acre project site (Mountain View Academy). The project is located
on the northwest corner of South Shoreline Boulevard and Californ ia
Street in the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district. San
Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio Planning Area
2018 3
Request for a Rezone from R1 (Single-Family Residential) to P (P
lanned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct
three buildings with seven apartment units for staff housing, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a
Parcel M ap to create two parcels from the existing four parcel s on a
2.95 acre project site (Mountain View Academy). The project is located
on the northwest corner of South Shoreline Boulevard and California
Street in the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district. San
Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio Planning Area
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to
construct three buildings with seven apartment units for staff
housing, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees,
and a Parcel M ap to create two parcels from the existing four parcel
s on a 2.95 acre project site (Mountain View Academy). The proje ct is
located on the northwest corner of South Shoreline Boulevard and
California Street in the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district. San
Antonio/Rengstorff/Del Medio Planning Area
2018 9
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
to P (Planne d Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to
construct seven apartment units for staff housing, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a Parcel Map to
create two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95 acre
projec t site. The project is located on the northwest corner of South
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
2018 11
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to
construct seven apartment units for staff housing, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a Parcel Map to
create two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95 acre
project site. The project is located on the northwest corner of Sout h
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
2019 2
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to
construct seven apartment units for staff housing, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a Parcel Map to c
reate two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95 acre
project site. The project is located on the northwest corner of South
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
2019 4
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to
construct seven apartment units for staff housing, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a Parcel Map to
create two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95 acre
project site. The project is located on the northwest corner of South
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Si ngle-Family
Residential) district.
2019 6
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permi t to
construct seven apartment units for staff housing, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a Parcel Map to
create two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95 acre
project site. The project is located on the northwest corner of South
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
district to P (Planned Community) district, a Planned Community Permit
to construct seven apartment units for staff housing, a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees, and a Parcel Map to
create two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95-acre
project site. The project is located on the northwest corner of South
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) district. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods/Downtown Project Planner: Clarissa Burke
Applicant: Mountain View Academy
2019 10
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit
to construct seven apartment units for staff housing; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage trees; and a Parcel Map to create
two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95-acre project
site. The project is located on the northwest corner of South
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
2020 3
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit
to construct seven apartment units for staff housing; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remov e 6 Heritage trees; and a Parcel Map to create
two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95-acre project
site. The project is located on the northwest corner of South
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) d istrict.
2020 5
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from R1 (Single-Family Residential)
district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned Community Permit
to construct seven apartment units for staff housing; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage trees; and a Parcel Map to create
two parcels from the existing four parcels on a 2.95-acre project
site. The project is located on the northwest corner of South
Shoreline Boulevard and California Street in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
---
2310 Rock Street 2310rockstreet
2018 7
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 55-unit rowhouse project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage Trees to replace 59
multi-family units on a 3.05 acre project site. The project is located
on the north side of Rock Street, between Independence Avenue and
North Rengstorff Avenue, in the R3-2.2 (M ultiple-Family Residential)
district.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 55-unit rowhouse project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage Trees to replace 59
multi-family units on a 3.05 acre proje ct site. The project is
located on the north side of Rock Street, between Independence Avenue
and North Rengstorff Avenue, in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 11
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 55-unit rowhouse project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage Trees to replace 59
multi-family units on a 3.05 acre project site. The project is located
on the north side of Rock Street, between Independence Avenue and
North Rengstorff Avenue, in the R3-2.2 (M ultiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 55-unit rowhouse project, and a
Heritage Tree Re moval Permit to remove 40 Heritage Trees to replace
59 multi-family units on a 3.05 acre project site. The project is
located on the north side of Rock Street, between Independence Avenue
and North Rengstorff Avenue, in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Resident
ial) district.
2019 4
On April 2, 2019 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 55-unit
rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage Trees to replace 59 multi- family units on a 3.05 acre
project site. This project is located on the north side of Rock
Street, between Independence Avenue and North Rengstorff Avenue, in
the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 6
On April 2, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit, a Development Review Permit and a Tentative Map for a new
55-unit rowhouse project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
40 Heritage Trees to replace 59 multi-family units on a 3.05-acre
project site. This project is located on the north side of Rock
Street, between Independence Avenue and North Re ngstorff Avenue, in
the R3-2.2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2019 8
On April 2, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 55-unit
rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage Trees to replace 59 multi-family units on a 3.05-acre project
site. This project is located on the north side of Rock Street,
between Independence Avenue and North Rengstorff Avenue, in the R3-2.2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
On April 2, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and, Development Review Permit for a new 55-unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage Trees
to replace 59 multi-family units on a 3.05-acre project site; and a
Tentative Map to create 55 residential lots and two common lots. This
project is located on the north side of Rock Street, b etween
Independence Avenue and North Rengstorff Avenue, in the R3-2.2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
On April 2, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and, Development Review Permit for a new 55-unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage Trees
to replace 59 multi-family units on a 3.05-acre project site; and a
Tentative Map to create 55 residential lots and two common lots. This
project is located on the north side of Rock Street, between
Independence Avenue and North Rengstorff Avenue, in the R3-2.2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 2
On April 2, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit for a new 55-unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees, replac ing 59 existing multi-family units, on a 3.05-acre
project site. This project is located on the north side of Rock
Street, between Independence Avenue and North Rengstorff Avenue in the
R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
On April 2, 2019, City C ouncil approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit for a new 55-unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees, replac ing 59 existing multi-family units, on a 3.05-acre
project site. This project is located on the north side of Rock
Street, between Independence Avenue and North Rengstorff Avenue in the
R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 8
On April 2, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit for a new 55-unit rowhouse
project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40 Heritage
trees, replac ing 59 existing multi-family units, on a 3.05-acre
project site. This project is located on the north side of Rock
Street, between Independence Avenue and North Rengstorff Avenue in the
R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 10
 " 
---
1968 Hackett Ave. & 208 -210 Sierra Vista Ave. 1968hackettave208210sierravistaave
2015 3
In December 2014, Dividend Homes submitted a formal application to
construction a 24-unit rowhouse project to replace 21 existing
apartment units and a request to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 1.60
acre project site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family) Zoning District.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: Dividend
Homes
2015 4
In December 2014, Dividend Homes submitted a formal application to
construction a 24-unit rowhouse project to replace 21 existing
apartment units and a request to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 1.60
acre project site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family) Zoning Di strict.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. A City Council hearing is
anticipated in mid- 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: Dividend Homes
2015 5
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permits to allow construction of a 24-unit rowhouse
project to replace 21 existing apartment units and a request to remove
8 Heritage trees on a 1.60 acre project site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family) Zoning District. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. An
Administrative Zoning Hearing is anticipated on May 27, 2015. A City
Counci l hearing is anticipated in early July 2015. Planning Area:
Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant:
Dividend Homes
2015 6
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permits to allow construction of a 24-unit rowhouse
project to replace 21 existing apartment units and a request to remove
8 Heritage trees on a 1.60 acre project site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family) Zoning District. Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The Zoning
Administrator & Subdivision Committee recommended conditional approval
at a joint meeting on May 27, 2015. A City Counci l hearing is
tentatively scheduled for July 7, 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: Dividend
Homes
2015 8
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permits to allow construction of a 24-unit rowhouse
project to replace 21 existing apartment units and a request to remove
8 Heritage trees on a 1.60 acre project site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family) Zoning District. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The City
Counci l approved the project on July 7, 2015. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant: Dividend
Homes
2015 9
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permits to allow construction of a 24-unit rowhouse
project to replace 21 existing apartment units and a request to remove
8 Heritage trees on a 1.60 acre project site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family) Zoning District.
2015 10
 " 
2015 11
 " 
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permits to allow construction of a 24-unit rowhouse
project to replace 21 ex isting apartment units and a request to
remove 8 Heritage trees on a 1.60 acre project site in the R3-2.2
(Multiple-Family) Zoning District. Construction is expected to begin m
id-2016.
2016 3
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permits to allow construction of a 24-unit rowhouse
project to replace 21 existing apartment units and a request to remove
8 Heritage trees on a 1.60 acre project site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family) Zoning District. Construction is expected to begin mid-2016.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
The applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permits to allow construction of a 24-unit rowhouse
project to replace 21 existing apartment units and a request to remove
8 Heritage trees on a 1.60 acre project site in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family) Zoning District.
---
Charleston South Green Loop charlestonsouthgreenloop
2013 11
In September 2013, Google applied for permits to construct a one-half
mile pedestrian and bicycle pathway from Permanente Creek to North
Shoreline Boulevard. The project would result in parking reductions
and the removal of three Heritage trees. An Admin istrative Zoning
hearing is anticipated in December 2013 or early 2014.
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google.
Construction expected to begin in early 2014 and be completed before
the end of 2014. (North Bayshore Planning Area) (Martin Alkire)
2014 2
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrato r approved a new pede strian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google.
Construction expected to begin in early 2014 and be completed before
the end of 2014. (North Bayshore Planning Area) (Martin Alkire)
2014 3
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google.
Construction expected to begin in early 2014 and be completed before
the end of 2014. In February 2014 Google submitted an application for
a new segment to be added from Joaqu in Road to North Shoreline
Boulevard.
2014 4
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google.
Construction expected to begin in early 2014 and be completed before
the end of 2014. In February 2014 Google submitted a n application for
a new segment to be added from Joaquin Road to North Shoreline
Boulevard.
2014 6
In December 20 13, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google. In
May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for the
continuation of the pathway with a new segment from Joaquin Road to
North Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction began in May 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in
summer 2014. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2014 8
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google. In
May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for t he
continuation of the pathway with a new segment from Joaquin Road to
North Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction began in May 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in
summer 2014. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2014 10
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google. In
May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for the
continuation of the pathway with a new segment from Joaquin Road to
North Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction began in May 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in
fall 2014. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2014 11
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google. In
May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an app lication for the
continuation of the pathway with a new segment from Joaquin Road to
North Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction began in May 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in
fall 2014. Planning Area: North Baysh ore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2014 12
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google. In
May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for the
continuation of the pathway with a new segment from Joaquin Road to
North Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction began in May 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in
early 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google. In
May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for the
continuation of the pathway with a new segment from Joaquin Road to
North Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in May 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in early 2015.
Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
2015 3
In December 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new pedestrian
and bicycle pathway from Joaquin Road to Alta Avenue for Google. In
May 2014, the Zoning Administrator approved an application for the
continuation of the pathway with a new segment from Joaquin Road to
North Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next Step (s): Approved.
Construction began in May 2014 and is anticipated to be completed in
March 2015. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams Applicant: Google, Inc.
---
400 Logue Avenue 400logueavenue
2019 2
Request for a Development Review Permit and Los Altos School District
Transfer of Development Rights square footage for a new residential
development totaling 367 units across two buildings on a 2.65-acre
project site. This project is located on the west side of Logue Avenue
between Maude Avenue and Bayshore Freeway in the ML-T (Limited
Industrial Transit Oriented-Office) district.
2019 4
Request for a Development Review Permit and Los Altos School District
Transfer of Development Rights square footage for a new residential
development totaling 367 units across two buildings on a 2.65-acre
project site. This project is located on the west side of Logue Avenue
between Maude Avenue and Bayshore Freeway in the ML-T (Limited
Industrial Transit Oriented- Office) district.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District (LASD) Transfer of Deve lopment Rights
square footage for a new residential development totaling 367 units in
tw o buildings on a 2.65-acre project site. This project is located on
the west side of Logu e Avenue between Maude Avenue and Bayshore
Freeway in the ML-T (Limited Industrial Transit-Oriented) district.
2019 8
Request for a Development Review Permit and Los Altos School District
Transfer of Development Rights square footage for a new residential
development totaling 367 units across two buildings to replace a
light-industrial building on a 2.65-acre proje ct site. This project
is located on the west side of Logue Avenue between Maude Avenue and
Bayshore Freeway in the ML-T (Limited Industrial Transit Oriented-
Office) district.
2019 10
Request for a General Plan Amendment from High Intensity Office to
East Whisman Mixed-Use; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML-T (Limited
Industrial Transit Overlay) to the East Whisman Precise Plan; a
Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit, and Los Altos
School District Transfer of Development Rights for additional square
footage to allow a new residential development totaling 367 units in
two buildings (8 and 11 stories) to replace a light-industrial bui
lding on a 2.65-acre project site. This project is located on the west
side of Logue Avenue between Maude Avenue and Bayshore Freeway in the
ML-T (Limited Industrial Transit Overlay) district.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights for
additional square f ootage to allow a new residential development
totaling 367 units in two buildings (8 and 11 stories) to replace a
light-industrial building on a 2.65-acre project site. This project is
located on the west side of Logue Avenue between Maude Avenue and
Bayshore Freeway in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for an 8-story, 408-unit residential development, a Transfer of
Development Rights of 42,000 square feet from the Los Altos School
District s ite, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five
Heritage tree s, replacing a 42,000 square foot office building, on a
2.54-acre project site. This project is located on the west side of
Logue Avenue at the terminus of Maude Avenue in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 2
On June 22, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for an 8-story, 408-unit residential
development, a 36,000 square feet Transfer of Development Rights from
the Los Altos School District TDR Program, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 5 Heritage trees, replacing a 42,000 square foot
office building, on a 2.54-acre project site. This project is located
on the west side of Logue Avenue at the term inus of Maude Avenue in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
On June 22, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for an 8-story, 408-unit residential
development, a 36,000 square feet Transfer of Development Rights from
the Los Altos School District TDR Program, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 5 Heritage trees, replacing a 42,000 square foot
office building, on a 2.54-acre project site. This project is located
on the west side of Logue Avenue at the terminus of Maude Avenue in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
On June 22, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for an 8-story, 408-unit residential
development, a 36,000 square feet Transfer of Development Rights from
the Los Altos School District TDR Program, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to re move 5 Heritage trees, replacing a 42,000 square foot
office building, on a 2.54-acre project site. This project is located
on the west side of Logue Avenue at the terminus of Maude Avenue in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 3 30.
2022 8
On June 22, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for an 8-story, 408-unit residential
development, a 36,000 square feet Transfer of Development Rights from
the Los Altos School District TDR Program, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 5 Heritage trees, replacing a 42,000 square foot
office building, on a 2.54-acre project site. This project is located
on the west side of Logue Avenue at the terminus of Maude Avenue in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
On June 22, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for an 8-story, 408-unit residential
development, a 36,000 square feet Transfer of Development Rights from
the Los Altos School District TDR Program, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 5 Heritage trees, replacing a 42,000 square foot
office building, on a 2.54-acre project site. This project is located
on the west side of Logue Avenue at the term inus of Maude Avenue in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 12
On June 22, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for an 8-story, 408-unit residential
development, a 36,000 square feet Transfer of Development Rights from
the Los Altos School District TDR Program, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to re move 5 Heritage trees, replacing a 42,000 square foot
office building, on a 2.54-acre project site. This project is located
on the west side of Logue Avenue at the terminus of Maude Avenue in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 3 30.
2023 2
On June 22, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for an 8-story, 408-unit residential
development, a 36,000 square feet Transfer of Development Rights from
the Los Altos School District TDR Program, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 5 Heritage trees, replacing a 42,000 square foot
office building, on a 2.54-acre project site. This project is located
on the west side of Logue Avenue at the terminus of Maude Avenue in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Pr ecise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
---
334 Bryant Avenue 334bryantavenue
2015 4
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. Status/Next Steps: Under
review. The application was submitted in March 2015. Planning Area:
Grant/Sylvan Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: Kanu Patel
Attachment:  April 2015 – Planning Division Update Map
2015 5
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court. Status/Next Steps:
Under review. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan Project Planner: Mariya
Hodge Applicant: Kanu Patel Attachment:  May 2015 – Planning Division
Update Map
2015 6
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court. Status/Next Steps:
Incomplete; awaiting revisions. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan Project
Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: Kanu Patel Attachment:  June 2015 –
Planning Division Update Map
2015 8
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single- family home, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located
on the north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court. Status/Next
Steps: Under review. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan Project Planner:
Mariya Hodge Applicant: Kanu Patel Attachment:  August 2015 –
Planning Division Update Map
2015 9
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court. Attachment:  September
2015 – Planning Division Update Map
2015 10
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court.
2015 11
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-fami ly home, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located
on the north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court.
2015 12
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court.
2016 2
 " 
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is lo cated on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court.
2016 6
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
---
1040 Grant Rd . 1040grantrd
2013 8
In February 2013, City Sports Club submitted an application to allow a
fitness club in the existing Rite Aid tenant space along with façade
improvements of the entire multi-tenant building. Council reviewed the
application in June 2013 and directed the applicant to revise the plan
for consideration by the Zoning Administrator. Final action is
expected in summer/fall 2013. (Nancy Minicucci) Grant/Sylvan Planning
Area
2013 9
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club ’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire multi- tenant building. A second hearing is
anticipated in fall 2013 to finalize the improvements to the rear
portion of the center as directed by City Council. (Nancy Minicucci)
Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2013 10
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club ’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire multi- tenant building. A second hearing is
anticipated in fall 2013 t o finalize the improvements to the rear
portion of the center as directed by City Council. (Nancy Minicucci)
Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2013 11
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club ’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire multi- tenant building. A second hearing is
scheduled for November 13 to finalize the improvements to the rear
portion of the center as directed by City Council. (Nancy Minicucci)
Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2013 12
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club ’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire multi- tenant build ing. Improvements to
the rear portion of the site was approved in November 2013.
Construction is anticipated to start in early 2014 and be complete in
mid-2014. (Nancy Minicucci) Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator a pproved City Sports Club’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire multi- tenant building. Improvements to the
re ar portion of the site was approved in November 2013. Construction
is anticipate d to start in early 2014 and be complete in mid-2014.
(Nancy Minicucci) Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2014 3
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club ’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire multi- tenant build ing. Improvements to
the rear portion of the site were approved in November 2013.
Constriction began in December 2013 and completion is expected in fall
2014. (Nancy Minicucci) Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire 117,142 square foot multi-tenant building
on a 7.8-acre project site. Improvements including façad e and
landscape improvements to the rear portion of the site were approved
by the Zoning Administrator in November 2013. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is expected to be
completed in fall 2014. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2014 8
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club’s
application to replace the existing Ri te Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire 117,142 square foot multi-tenant building
on a 7.8-acre project site. Improvements including façade and
landscape improvements to the rear portion of the site were approved
by the Zoning Administrator in N ovember 2013. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is expected to be
completed in fall 2014. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Nancy Minicuc ci Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2014 10
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire 117,142 square foot multi-tenant building
on a 7.8-acre pr oject site. Improvements including façade and
landscape improvements to the rear portion of the site were approved
by the Zoning Administrator in November 2013. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is expected to be c
ompleted in fall 2014. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2014 11
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire 117,142 square foot multi-tenant building
on a 7.8-acre project site. Improvements including façade and
landscape improvements to the rear portion of the site were approved
by the Zoning Administrator in November 2013. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is expected to be
completed in winter 2014. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2014 12
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved City Sports Club’s
application to replace the existing Rite Aid and make façade
improvements to the entire 117,142 square foot multi-tenant building
on a 7.8-acre project site. Improvements including façad e and
landscape improvements to the rear portion of the site were approved
by the Zoning Administrator in November 2013. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction began in December 2013 and is expected to be
completed in winter 2014. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
---
Multimodal Improvement Plan multimodalimprovementplan
2015 12
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased veh icle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. collection and analysis.
2016 2
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased vehicle conge stion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. collection and analysis. Attachment: 
February 2016 – Planning Division Update Map
2016 3
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased vehicle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. collection and analysis. Attachment: 
March 2016 – Planning Division Update Map
2016 4
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, trans it and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased vehicle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transpor tation Impact Fee. collection and analysis. Attachment:
 April 2016 – Planning Division Update Map
2016 6
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased veh icle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. collection and analysis. Attachment: 
June 2016 – Planning Division Update Map
2016 8
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address i
ncreased vehicle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. collection and analysis. Attachment: 
August 2016 – Planning Division Update Map
2016 10
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased veh icle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. collection and analysis. A C ouncil
Transportation Committee meeting is tentatively scheduled for November
7, 2016.
2017 2
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA requir
ements to document existing and future efforts to address increased
vehicle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of Directors.
The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-wide
Transportation Impact Fee. that will address vehicle congestion.
2017 4
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased vehicle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. that will address vehicle congestion.
A City Council Study Session is tentatively scheduled for May 2, 2017.
Attachment:  April 2017 – Planning Division Update Map
2018 1
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased vehicle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also include s a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. Committees endorsed the Draft Action
List. The project team is currently preparing an Impact Fee Nexus
Study and Final Mult imodal Improvement Plan based on the Action List.
A City Council Study Session is tentatively scheduled for March 20,
2018. Attachment:  January 2018 – Planning Division Update Map
2018 3
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased vehicle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also include s a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. Committees endorsed the Draft Action
List. The project team is currently preparing an Impact Fee Nexus
Study and Final Mult imodal Improvement Plan based on the Action List.
A City Council Study Session is tentatively scheduled for April 17,
2018. Attachment:  March 2018 – Planning Division Update Map
2018 5
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative trans portation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased vehicle congestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a n exus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. Committees endorsed the Draft Action
List. The project team is currently preparing an Impact Fee Nexus
Study and Final Multimodal Improvement Plan based on the Action List.
A City Council Study Session is tentatively scheduled for June 19,
2018. Attachment:  May 2018 – Planning Divisio n Update Map
2018 7
In November 2015 the City Council approved a scope of work for a
Multimodal Improvement Plan. The Plan will include City improvements,
programs and services to support alternative transportation modes,
such as bicycles, transit and walking. It will comply with VTA
requirements to document existing and future efforts to address
increased vehicle c ongestion and will be reviewed by the VTA Board of
Directors. The project also includes a nexus study to adopt a City-
wide Transportation Impact Fee. Committees endorsed the Draft Action
List. In June 2018 the City Council reviewed the draft Multimodal
Improvement Plan and draft values for the Impact Fee. Adoption is
expected in early Fall 2018. Attachment:  July 2018 – Planning
Division Update Map
---
759 West Middlefield Road 759westmiddlefieldroad
2018 5
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 75-unit
apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage t ree on a 3.81 acre project site. The project is located on
the west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple- Family
Residential) district.
2018 7
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 75-unit
apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 3.81 acre project site. The project is located on
the west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple- Fam ily
Residential) district.
2018 9
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 75-unit
apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 3.81 acre project site. The project is located on
the west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Moffet t Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 11
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 75-unit
apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 3.81 acre project site. The project is located on
the west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Moffe tt Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 75-unit
apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 3.81 acre project site. The project is located on
the west side of West Middlefie ld Road between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. • Applicant: Prometheus
2019 6
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 75-unit
apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 3.81 acre project site. The project is located on
the west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 75-unit
apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 3.81-acre project site. The project is located on
the west side of West Middlefield Road between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Moffett Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
On July 24, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
75-unit apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
one Herita ge tree on a 3.81-acre project site; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to modify the project boundaries to accommodate the 75 new
apartments. The project is located on the west side of West
Middlefield Road between North Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett
Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
On July 24, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
75-unit apartment complex and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
one Heritage tree on a 3.81-acre project site; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to modify the project boundaries to accommodate the 75 new
apartments. The project is located on the west side of West
Middlefield Road between North Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett
Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 2
On July 24, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
75-unit apartment complex; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
one Heritage tree on a 3.81-acre project site; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to modify the project boundaries to accommodate the 75 new
apartments. The project is located on the west side of West
Middlefield Road betwe en North Shoreline Boulevard and Moffett
Boulevard in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
 " 
---
700 E . Midd lefield R d. 700emiddlefieldrd
2014 3
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up an additional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was he ld in May 2013. Final Council action is expected in
fall 2014.
2014 4
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up an additional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the project. A
Council study session is scheduled for April 2014. Final Council
action is expected in fall 2014.
2014 6
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently,
RREEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Industrial)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office buildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the east side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A
project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the
project. Planning Area: Moffett/ Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 8
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently, R
REEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Industrial)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office b uildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the east side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A
project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the
project. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 10
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently,
RREEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Industrial)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Per mit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office buildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the east side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A
project EIR a nd General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for
the project. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 11
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently,
RREEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Industria l)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office buildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the ea st side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A
project EIR and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the
project. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 12
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently,
RREEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Industrial)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Per mit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office buildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the east side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. A
project EIR a nd General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for
the project. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently,
RREEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Industrial)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office buildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the east side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
MOFFETT CHANGE AREA
2015 3
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently,
RREEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Industrial)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office buildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the east side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Nex t Step (s): Inactive.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 4
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently,
RREEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Industrial)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office buildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the east side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Inactive.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Google, Inc.
2015 5
 " 
2015 6
The City Council authorized a Gatekeeper for RREEF. Subsequently,
RREEF submitted a request for a Rezoning from ML (Limited Indust rial)
to P (Planned Community) to allow up to a 1.0 FAR, a Planned Community
Permit to allow an office development consisting of one eight-story
office building, two six-story office buildings, one five-story
building, a one-story retail buidling and a two-story commons building
totaling 1,055,604 square feet and two five-level parking structures,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 131 Heritage trees, to
replace four two-story office buildings totaling 397,510 square feet,
on a 24-acre site on the east side of Middlefield Road between
Bernardo Avenue and Highway 237. Status/Next Step (s): Inactive.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
Applicant: Google, Inc.
---
369 North Whisman Road 369northwhismanroad
2013 5
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 square feet of additional
office area and a 10 year Development Agreement for Keenan Lovewell.
Google is occupying the existing site. The prope rty owner has not
indicated if they will proceed with the additional buildings.
2013 6
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 squ are feet of additi
onal office area and a 10 year Development Agreement fo r Keenan
Lovewell. Google is occupying the existing site. The proper ty owner
has not indicated if they will proceed with the additional buildings.
2013 7
In September 2011, Council approved 180,800 square feet of additional
office area and a 10 year Development Agreement for Keenan Lovewell.
Google is occupying the existing site. The property owner has not ind
icated if they will proceed with the additional buildings.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2019 4
In September 2011 the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office building, and
two four-story parking structures on a 29.3-acre pr oject site (0.49
FAR) with seven existing office buildings and the removal of 22
Heritage trees. The approval also included a parking reduction of 143
spaces or 6.9 percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to
create 13 parcels, and a 10- year Development Agreement. The project
is located on the east side of North Whisman Road, north of East
Middlefield Road.
2019 6
In September 2011, the City Council approved a request for Rezone to a
Transit-Oriented Development, a Planned Unit Development Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square
foot offi ce building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office
building, and two four-story parking st ructures on a 29.3-acre
project site (0.49 FAR) with seven existing office buildings and the
removal of 22 Heritage trees. The approval also included a parking
reduction of 143 spaces or 6.9 percent of the required parking, a
Tentative Map to create 13 parcels, and a 10-year Development
Agreement. The project is located on the east side of North Whisma n
Road, north of East Middlefield Road. through September 2021.
2019 8
In September 2011, the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square
foot office building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office
building, and two, four-story parking structures on a 29.3-acre
project site (0.49 FAR) with seven existing office buildings and the
removal of 22 Heritage trees. The approval also include s a parking
reduction of 143 spaces, or 6.9 percent of the required parking, a
Tentative Map to create 13 parcels, and a 10-year Development Agre
ement. The project is located on the east side of North Whisman Road,
north of East Middlefield Road.
2019 10
In September 2011, the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square
foot office building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office
building, and two, four-story parking structures on a 29.3-acre
project site (0.49 FAR) with seven existing office buildings and the
removal of 22 Heritage trees. The approval also include s a parking
reduction of 143 spaces, or 6.9 percent of the required parking, a
Tenta tive Map to create 13 parcels, and a 10-year Development
Agreement. The project is located on the east side of North Whisman
Road, north of East Middlefield Road.
2020 3
In September 2011, the City Council approved a 10-year Development
Agreement; a Transit Oriented Develo pment Permit, Planned Unit
Development Permit and to construct a three- story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office building, and
two, four-level parking structures with a parking reduction of 143
spaces on a 29.3-acre project site with seven existing office
buildings; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remov e 22 Heritage
trees; and a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels. The project is
located on the east side of North Whisman Road, north of East
Middlefield Road. Building permit plan s under review.
2020 5
In September 2011, the City Council approved a 10-year Development
Agreement; a Transit Oriented Development Permit, Planned Unit
Development Permit and to construct a three- story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office building, and
two, four-level parking structures with a parking reduction of 143
spaces on a 29.3-acre project site with seve n existing office
buildings; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remov e 22 Heritage
trees; and a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels. The project is
located on the east side of North Whisman Road, north of East
Middlefield Road. Building permit plan s under review.
2022 2
In September 2011, City Council approved a 10-year Development
Agreement; a Transit Oriented Development Permit and Planned Unit
Development Permit to construct a three- story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story, 109,927 square foot office building,
and two, 4-level parking structures with a parking reduction of 143
spaces on a 29.3-acre project site with seven existing office
buildings; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 22 Heritage trees;
and a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels. The project is located on
the east side of North Whisman Road, north of East Middlefield Road.
2022 4
In September 2011, City Council approved a 10-year Development
Agreement; a Transit Oriented Development Permit and Planned Unit
Development Permit to construct a three- story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story, 109,927 square foot office building,
and two, 4-level parking structure s with a parking reduction of 143
spaces on a 29.3-acre project site with seven existing office
buildings; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 22 Heritage trees;
and a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels. The project is located on
the east side of Nort h Whisman Road, north of East Middlefield Road.
2022 6
In September 2011, City Council approved a 10-year Development
Agreement; a Transit Oriented Development Permit and Planned Unit
Development Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story, 109,927 square foot office building,
and two, 4-level parking structures with a parking reduction of 143
spaces on a 29.3-acre project site with seven existing office
buildings; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 22 Heritage trees;
and a Tentative Map to create 13 parcels. The project is located on
the east side of North Whisman Road, north of East Middlefield Road.
2022 8
In September 2011, City Council approved a 10-year Development
Agreement; a Transit Oriented Development Permit and Planned Unit
Development Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story, 109,927 square foot office building,
and two, 4-level parking structures with a parking reduction of 143
spaces on a 29.3-acre project site with seven existing office
buildings; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 22 Heritage trees;
and a Tentative M ap to create 13 parcels. The project is located on
the east side of North Whisman Road, north of East Middlefield Road.
---
344 Bryant Avenue 344bryantavenue
2017 2
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court. 22, 2017.
2017 4
Request for a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into
four single- family lots, a Planned Unit Development Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct four new single-family homes
replacing one existing single-family home, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The project is located on the
north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court. 2017.
2018 1
On February 22, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Parcel Map to
subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into four single-family lots, a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct four
new single-family homes replacing one existing single-family home, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remo ve three Heritage trees. The
project is located on the north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey
Court.
2018 3
On February 22, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Parcel Map to
subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into four single-family lots, a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct four
new single-family homes replacing one existing single-family home, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The
project is located on the north side of Bryant A venue near Stacey
Court.
2018 5
On February 22, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Parcel Map to
subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into four single-family lots, a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct four
new single-family homes replacing one existing single-family home, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The
project is located on the north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey
Court.
2018 7
On February 22, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Parcel Map to
subdivide a 0.9-acre lot into four single-family lots, a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct four
new single-family homes replacing one existing single-family home, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit t o remove three Heritage trees. The
project is located on the north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey
Court.
2018 9
On February 22, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct four
new single-family homes replacing one existing single-family home and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees. The
project is located on the north side of Bryant Avenue near Stacey
Court. Projects Under Construction
2018 11
On February 22, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct four
new single-family homes and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
three Heritage trees. The project is located on the north side of
Bryant Avenue near Stacey Court.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
On February 22, 2017, the Zoning Administrat or approved a Planne d
Unit Development Permit and a Development Review Permit to co nstruct
four new single-family homes, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
three Heritage trees, and a Parcel Map to create five lots on a
0.92-acre site. The project is loca ted on the north side of Bryant
Avenue across from Stacey Court in the R1-8 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
On February 22, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct four
new single-family homes and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
three Heritage trees on a 0.92-acre project site. The project is
located on the north side of Bryant Av enue near Stacey Court.
2019 10
 " 
---
198 Easy Street 198easystreet
2019 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a five-unit rowhouse development to replace one single-family home
and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 9 Heritage t rees on a
0.51 acre project site. This project is located o n the west side of
Easy Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the R3-3sd
(Multiple- Family Residential- Special Design) district.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development and a Development Review Permit
for a five-unit rowhouse development to replace one single-family home
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 9 Heritage trees on a
0.51-acre project site. This project is located on the west side of
Easy Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the R3-3SD
(Multiple- Family Residential-Special Design) district.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a five-unit rowhouse development to replace one single-family home
and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 9 Heritage t rees on a
0.51-acre project site. This project is located on the west side of
Easy Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the R3-3sd
(Multiple- Family Residen tial-Special Design) district.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to allow 5 new rowhouse s to replace one single-family home and a
Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 9 Heritage t rees on a
0.51-acre project site. This project is located on the west side of
Easy Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the R3-3sd
(Multiple-Family Resident ial-Special Design) district.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to allow 5 new rowhouse s to replace one single-family home, a
Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 9 Heritage t rees; and a
Tentative Map to create 5 residential lots and a common lot on a 0.51-
acre project site. This project is located on the west side of Easy
Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the R3-3sd (Multiple-
Family Residential-Special Design) district.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On May 11, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit for a 5-unit rowhouse development to replace
one single-family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create 5 residential lots and a
common lot on a 0.51-acre project site. This project is located on the
west sid e of Easy Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the
R3-3sd (Multiple-Family Residential-Special Design) district.
2022 4
On May 11, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit for a 5-unit rowhouse development to replace
one single-family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create 5 residential lots and a
common lot on a 0.51-acre project site. This project is located on the
west side of Easy Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the
R3-3sd (Multiple-Family Residential-Special Design) district.
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
On May 11, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit for a 5-unit rowhouse development to replace
one single-family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create 5 residential lots and a
common lot on a 0.51-acre project site. This project is located on the
west side of Easy Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the
R3-3sd (Multiple-Family Residential-Special Des ign) district.
2022 10
On May 11, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit for a 5-unit rowhouse development to replace
one single-family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create 5 residential lots and a
common lot on a 0.51-acre project site. This project is located on the
west side of Easy Street adjacent to the Highway 85 on-ramp in the
R3-3sd (Multiple-Family Residential-Special Design) district.
2022 12
 " 
2023 2
 " 
---
189 N orth  Bernardo Avenue 189northbernardoavenue
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights for a new
4-story, 86,160 square foot office building and 4-story parking
structure to a site with an existing 2-story, 58,400 square foot
office building to remain on a 3.83-acre project site. This project is
located on the southeast corner of North Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expressway in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights for a new
4-story, 86,160 square foot office building and 4-story parking
structure to a site with an existing 2-story, 58,400 square foot
office building to remain on a 3.83-acre project site. This project is
located on the southeast corner of North Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expressway in the ML (Limited Indus trial) district.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District (LASD) Transfer of Develo pment Rights
for a new 4-story, 86,160 square foot office building and 4-story
parking structur e on a site with an existing 2-story, 58,400 square
foot office building to remain on a 3.83- acre project site. This
project is located on the southeast corner of North Bernardo Av enue
and Central Expressway in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights for a new
4-story, 86,160 square foot office building and 4-story parking
structure on a site with an existing 2-story, 58,400 square foot
office building to remain on a 3.83-acre project site. This project is
located on the southeast corner of North Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expressway in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights for
additional square footage to allow a new four-story, 86,160 square
foot office building and four-level parking structure on a site with
an existing two-story, 58,400 square foot office building on a
3.83-acre project site. This project is located on the southeast
corner of North Bernardo Avenue and C entral Expressway in the ML
(Limited Industrial) district.
2020 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 4-story, 83,750 square foot office building, a new
parking structure with 423 spaces, and minor alterations to the
existing 2-story, 58,400 square foot office building to remain on site
resulting in a total FAR of 0.83, a Transfer of Development Rights as
part of the Los Altos School District TDR Program, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit on a 3.8-acre site. This project is located on the
northeast corner of Bernardo Avenue and Cent ral Expressway in the
P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 4-story, 80,000 square foot office building, a new
parking structure with 4 levels of above-grade parking and 2 levels of
underground parking, and minor building modifications to the existing
2-story, 59,000 squ are foot office building to remain on site; a
Transfer of Development Rights for 28,000 square feet as part of the
Los Altos School District TDR Program; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 74 Heritage trees on a 3.8-acre site. This project is
loc ated on the northeast corner of Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expressway in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 4-story, 80,000 square foot office building, a new
parking structure with 4 levels of above-grade parking and 2 levels of
underground parking, and minor building modifications to the existing
2-story, 59,000 square foot office building to remain on site; a
Transfer of Development Rights for 28,000 squa re feet as part of the
Los Altos School District TDR Program; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 74 Heritage trees on a 3.8-acre site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expressway in the P-41 (East Whi sman) Precise Plan.
2022 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 4- story, 80,000 square foot office building, a new
parking structure with 4 levels of above-grade parking and 2 levels of
underground parking, and minor building modifications to the existing
2-story, 59,000 square foot office building to r emain on site; a
Transfer of Development Rights for 28,000 square feet as part of the
Los Altos School District TDR Program; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 74 Heritage trees on a 3.8-acre site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expressway in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 4- story, 80,000 square foot office building, a new
parking structure with 4 levels of above-grade parking and 2 levels of
underground parking, and minor building modifications to the existing
2-story, 59,000 square foot office building to remain on site; a
Transfer of Development Rights for 28,000 square feet as part of the
Los Altos School District TDR Program; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 64 Heritage trees on a 3.8-acre site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expressway in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 4- story, 80,000 square foot office building, a new
parking structure with 4 levels of above-grade parking and 2 levels of
underground park ing, and minor building modifications to the existing
2-story, 59,000 square foot office building to remain on site; a
Transfer of Development Rights for 28,000 square feet as part of the
Los Altos School District TDR Program; and a Heritage Tree Removal P
ermit to remove 64 Heritage trees on a 3.8-acre site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expressway in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 4- story, 80,000 square foot office building, a new
parking structure with 4 levels of above-grade parking and 2 levels of
underground parking, and minor building modifications to the existing
2-story, 59,000 square foot office building to remain on site; a
Transfer of Development Rights for 28,000 square feet as part of the
Los Altos School District TDR Program; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 64 Heritage trees on a 3.8-acre site; and a Development
Agreement to extend entitlements up to 7 years. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Bernardo Avenue and Central
Expresswa y in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2023 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 4- story, 80,000 s quare foot office building, a
new parking structure with 4 levels of above-grade parking LONG-RANGE
/POLICY PROJECTS
---
1854 W. El Camino Real  1854welcaminoreal
2015 11
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. underway.
2015 12
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot h otel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. underway.
2016 2
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow th e construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. underway.
2016 3
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 Heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. underway.
2016 4
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 Heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. hearing on April 13, 2016.
2016 6
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 Heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. 2016.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 3 Heritage trees on a 3.22 acre project
site, located on the north side of El Camino Real West, between
Mariposa and Escuela Avenue. 2016. Building permit p lans are under
review.
2017 6
Request for a Development Review Permit to allow the construction of
an 8,940 square foot hotel gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of three Heritage tr ees on a 3.22 acre project
site. The project is located on the north side of West El Camino Real,
between Mariposa and Escuela Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan. 2016. Buildin g permit p lans are under review.
2018 1
On April 13, 2016 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to allow the construction of an 8,940 square foot hotel
gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage tr ees on a 3.22 acre project site. The project is located on
the north side of West El Camino Real, between Mariposa and Escuela
Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 3
On April 13, 2016 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to allow the construction of an 8,940 square foot hotel
gatehouse and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage tr ees on a 3.22 acre project site. The pr oject is located
on the north side of West El Camino Real, between Mariposa and Escuela
Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
167 N orth  Whisman Road 167northwhismanroad
2015 12
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area.
2016 2
In Septemb er 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot
single-family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on
0.3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area.
2016 3
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2018 1
On May 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct two single family
homes and a Heritage tree removal permit to remove three Heritage
trees. The project is located on the southeast corner of North Whisman
Road and Pacific Drive in the P-35 (Whisman Station) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On May 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct two single family
homes and a Heritage tree removal permit to remove three Heritage
trees. The project is located on the southeast corne r of North
Whisman Road and Pacific Drive in the P-35 (Whisman Station) Precise
Plan.
2018 9
On May 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct two single family
homes and a Heritage tree removal permit to remove three Heritage
trees. The project is located on the southeast corner of North Whisman
Road and Pacific Drive in the P-35 (Whisman Station) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On May 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct two single famil y
homes and a Heritage tree removal permit to remove three Heritage
trees. The project is located on the southeast corner of North Whisman
Road and Pacific Drive in the P-35 (Whisman Station) Precise Plan.
---
1411 – 1495 W El Camino Real 14111495welcaminoreal
2018 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 50-unit, stacked-flat, condominium building to replace
three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square feet, a
Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage Trees, and a
Tentative Map to create 50 condominium lots on a 1.25-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real
between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 50-unit, stacked-flat, condominium building to replace
three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square feet, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage Trees, and a
Tentative Map to create 50 condominium lots on a 1.25-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real
between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2018 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 50-unit, stacked-flat, condominium building to replace
three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square feet, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage Trees, and a T
entative Map to create 50 condominium lots on a 1.25-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real
between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 50-unit, stacked-flat, condominium building to replace
three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 squa re feet, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage Trees, and a
Tentative Map to create 50 condominium lots on a 1.25-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real
between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 50-unit, stacked-flat, condominium building to replace
three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square feet, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage Trees, and a
Tentative Map to create 50 condominium lots on a 1.25-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real
between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2018 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 53-unit, stacked-flat, condominium building to replace
three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square feet, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage Trees, and a
Tentative Map to create 5 3 condominium lots on a 1.25-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real
between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 53-unit, stacked-flat, condominium building to replace
three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square feet, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage Trees, and a
Tentative Map to create 5 3 condominium lots on a 1.25-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real
between Rich Avenue and M ountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 53-unit, stacked-flat, condominium building to replace
three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square feet, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage Trees, and a
Tentative Map to create 53 condominium lots on a 1.25- acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real
between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On May 7, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and a Development Review Permit to construct a 53-unit condominium
building to replace three existing commercial buildings totaling
13,200 square feet, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6
Heritage Trees, and a Tentative Map to create 53 condominium lots and
a common lot on a 1.25-acre project site. The projec t is located on
the south side of West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue and Moun
tain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On May 7, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 5 3-unit, stacked-flat,
condominium building to replace three existing commercial buildings
totaling 13,200 square feet, a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove
6 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to create 5 3 condominium lots
on a 1.25-acre project site. The project is located on the south side
of West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On May 7, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 5 3-unit, stacked-flat,
condominium building to replace three existing commercial buildings
totaling 13,200 square feet, a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove
6 Heritage t rees, and a Tentative Map to create 5 3 condominium lots
on a 1.25-acre project site. The project is located on the south side
of West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On May 7, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 5 3-unit condominium
building to replace three existing commercial buildings totaling
13,200 square feet; a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 6
Heritage t rees; and a Tentative Map to create 5 3 condominium lots
and one common lot on a 1.25-acre project si te. The project is
located on the south side of West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue
and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 5
On May 7, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 5 3-unit condominium
building to replace three existing commercial buildings totaling
13,200 square feet; a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 6
Heritage t rees; and a Tentative Map to create 5 3 condominium lots
and one common lot on a 1.25-acre project site. The project is located
on the south side of West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue and
Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (E l Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
Sustainable Communities Str ategy  sustainablecommunitiesstrategy
2013 5
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040.
2013 6
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Ar ea document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040.
2013 7
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040.
2013 8
 " 
2013 9
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light- duty trucks
through 2040. (Martin Alkire) Attachments: 1. September 2013 –
Planning Div ision Update Map
2013 10
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040. (Martin Alkire) Attachments: 1. October 2013 – Planning Division
Update Map
2013 11
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040. (Martin Alkire) Attachments: 1. November 2013 – Planning
Division Update Map
2013 12
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040. (Martin Alkire) Attachments: 1. December 2013 – Planning
Division Update Map
2014 1
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040. (Martin Alkire) Attachments: 1. January 2014 – Planning Division
Update Map
2014 2
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Ar ea document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040. (Martin Alkire) Attachments: 1. February 2014 – Planning
Division Update Map
2014 3
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040. (Martin Alkire) Attachments: 1. March 2014 – Planning Division
Update Map
2014 4
The SCS is a regional strategy to coordinate land use, housing, and
transportation planning within the larger Plan Bay Area document, to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light-duty trucks through
2040. Implementation of the SCS will continue through ABAG programs
and coordination with cities. (Martin Alkire) Attachments: A. April
2014 – Planning Division Update Map
---
Flower Mart  flowermart
2018 3
Request for a General Plan Amendment from General Industrial to High
Density Residential and Medium Density Residential to High Density
Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P (Planned Community) and to
R-4 and R3.2-2 to R-4, a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13 Heritage trees on a 5.89
acre site. The project is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue between Moorpark Way and South Bernardo Avenue in the R3
(Multiple- Family Resident ial) district.
2018 5
Request for a General Plan Amendment from General Industrial to High
Density Residential and Medium Density Residential to High Density
Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P (Planned Community) and to
R-4 and R3.2-2 to R-4, a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment units, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13 Heritage trees on a 5.89
acre site. The project is located on the south side of East Evelyn
Avenue between Moorpark Way and South Bernardo Avenue in the R3
(Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2018 7
Request for a General Plan Amendment from General Industrial to High
Density Residential and Medium Density Residential to High Density
Residential, a Zoning Code Text Amendment, a Zoning Map Amendment from
P (Planned Community) to R-4 and R3.2-2 to R-4, a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment
units, the dedication of approximately a 0.68 acre for a future public
park, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13
Heritage trees on a 5.89 acre site. The project is located on the
south side of East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark Way and South
Bernardo Avenue in the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 9
Request for a General Plan Amendment from General Industrial and
Medium Density Residenti al to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from P (Planned Community) and R3.2-2 to R-4, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 471 new
apartment units, the dedication of an approximately 0.68 acre public
park, and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13
Heritage trees on a 5.89 acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark Way and South
Bernardo Avenue in the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 11
Request for a General Plan Amendment from General Industrial and
Medium Density Residential to High Den sity Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan- Dale) Precise Plan and R3.2-2 to R-4, a
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct
471 new apartment units, the dedication of an approximately 0.68 acre
public park, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13
Heritage trees on a 5.89 acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark Way and South
Bernardo Avenue in the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
Request for a General Plan Amendment from General Industrial and
Medium Density Residential to High Den sity Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan- Dale) Precise Plan and R3.2- 2 to R-4, a
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct
471 new apartment units, the dedication of an approximately 0.68 acre
public park, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13
H eritage trees on a 5.89 acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark Way and South
Bernardo Avenue in the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 6
On April 30, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial and Medium Density Resident ial to
High Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan-
Dale) Precise Plan and R3.2-2 (Multi-Family Residential) districts to
R-4 (High-Density Residential) district, a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment units,
the dedication of an approximat ely 0.68 acre public park, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13 Heritage trees on a
5.89 acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark Way and South Bernardo Avenue in
the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 8
On April 30, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industrial and Medium Density Residential to High Den
sity Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale)
Precise Plan and R3.2-2 (Multi ple-Family Residential) to R-4 (High-
Density Residential), a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment units with the dedication
of a 0.68-acre public park, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 13 Heritage trees on a 5.89-acre project site. The project
is located on the south side of East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark
Way and South Bernardo Avenue in the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 10
On April 30, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industrial and Medium Density Residential to High Den
sity Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale)
Precise Plan and R3.2-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) to R-4 (High-
Density Residential), a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment units with the dedication
of a 0.68-acre public park, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 13 Heritage trees on a 5.89-acre project site. The project
is located on the south side of East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark
Way and South Bernardo Avenue in the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
---
700 E. Middlefield R oad and 1100 W.  Maude Avenue  700emiddlefieldroadand1100wmaudeavenue
2015 8
Google has submitted a request for a Site Plan and Architectural
Review approval to modify the parking lots for this existing office
campus. The project would include removal of parking and addition of a
landscape courtyard. Status/Next Step (s): Incomplete. A waiting
resubmittal. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Lisa Ring
Applicant: Google, Inc.
2015 9
Google has submitted a request for a Site Plan and Architectural
Review approval to modify the parking lots for this existing office
campus. The project would include removal of parking and addition of a
landscape courtyard.
2015 10
 " 
2015 11
 " 
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
Google has submitted a request for a Site Plan and Architectural
Review approval to modify the parking lots for this existing office
campus. The project would include removal of parking and addition of a
landscape courtyard. review.
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
Google has submitted a request for a Site Plan and Architectural
Review approval to modify the pa rking lots for this existing office
campus. The project would include removal of parking and addition of a
landscape courtyard. review.
2016 10
Request for exterior building modifications, site and landscape
modifications, and a parking reduction at an existing office campus.
review.
2017 2
Request for exterior building modifications, site and landscape
modifications, and a parking reduction at an existing office campus.
redevelop additional portions of the campus is anticipated to be
submitted in March 2017.
---
676 West Dana Street 676westdanastreet
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 20,166 square foot mixed-use project with 3
floors of residential over ground-floor commercial with two floors of
underground p arking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
three (3) Heritage Trees, replacin g an existing commercial building
on a 0.25- acre project site. This project is located on the northeast
corner of West Dana Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 20,166 square foot mixed-use project with 3
floors of residential condominiums with ground-floor commercial and
two floors of underground parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove three Heritage trees, replacing an existing commercial
building on a 0.25-acre project site. This project is located on the
northeast corner of West Dana Street and Hope Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 20,166 square foot mixed-use project with
three floors of residential condominiums with ground-floor commercial
and two floors of underground parking, replacing an existing
commercial building; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
three Heritage trees on a 0.25-acre project site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of West Dana Street and Hope Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4- story, 20,166 square foot mixed-use project with
three floors of residential condominiums, 4,791 square feet of ground-
floor commercial, and two levels of underground par king, replacing an
existing commercial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
three Heritage trees on a 0.25-acre project site; and a Tentative Map
to create 12 condominium lots and a common lot. This project is
located on the northeast corner of West Dana Street and Hope Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4- story, 20,166 square foot mixed-use project with
three floors of residential condominiums, 4,791 square feet of ground-
floor com mercial, and two levels of underground parking, replacing an
existing commercial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
three Heritage trees on a 0.25-acre project site; and a Tentative Map
to create 12 condominium lots and a common lot. This p roject is
located on the northeast corner of West Dana Street and Hope Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 2
On December 8, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 4,800 square feet of ground-floor commercial, three
floors of residential condominiums, and two levels of underground
parking, replacing an existing commercial building, on a 0.25-acre
project site; and a Tentative Map to create nine condominium lots and
a common lot. The project is located on the northeast corner of West
Dana Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
On December 8, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, mixed-use
building with 4,800 square feet of ground-floor commercial, three
floors of residential condominiums, and two levels of underground
parking, r eplacing an existing commercial building, on a 0.25-acre
project site; and a Tentative Map to create nine condominium lots and
a common lot. The project is located on the northeast corner of West
Dana Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise P lan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
 " 
2023 2
On January 25, 2023, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee approved a one-year permit extension for a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permi t to construct a 4-story, mixed-
use building with 4,800 square feet of ground-floor commercial, three
floors of residential condominiums, and two levels of underground
parking, replacing an existing commercial APPROVED DEVELOPMENT
PROJECTS building, on a 0.25-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to
create nine condominium lots and a common lot. The project is located
on the northeast corner of West Dana Street and Hope Street in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 33 0.
---
625 – 685 Clyde Ave. 625685clydeave
2013 8
In March 2013, Council approved a 385,000 square foot (1.0 FAR) office
project for TMG Partners. TMG Partners has signed a lease with Samsung
to occupy the entire campus. Building permit submitta l occurred in
June 2013. Construction is expected to begin in fall 2013 and
completion anticipated by December 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning
Area) (Scott Plambaeck)
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In March 2013, Council approved a 385,000 square foot (1.0 FAR) office
project for TMG Partners. TMG Partners has signed a lease with Samsung
to occupy the entire campus. Building permit submitta l occurred in
June 2013. Construction began in October 2013 and completion
anticipated by December 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In March 2013, Council approved a 385,000 square foot (1.0 FAR) office
project for TMG Partners. TMG Partners has signed a lease with Samsung
to occupy the entire campus. Building permit submittal occurred in
June 2013. Construction began in October 2013 and completion
anticipated by December 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 3
In March 2013, Council approved a 385,000 square foot (1.0 FAR) office
project for TMG Partners. TMG Partners has signed a lease with Samsung
to occupy the entire campus. Building permit submitta l occurred in
June 2013. Construction began in October 2013 and completion is
anticipated by December 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 4
In March 201 3, Council approved a 385,000 square foot (1.0 FAR)
office project for TMG Partners. TMG Partners has signed a lease with
Samsung to occupy the entire campus. Building permit submitta l
occurred in June 2013. Construction began in October 2013 and
completion is anticipated by December 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning
Area)
2014 6
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezoning
from ML-T (Limited Industrial-Transit Overlay District) to P (Planned
Community) District, to allow up to a 1.0 FAR; and a Planned Community
Permit to construct two 192,865 square feet six-story office
buildings, and two, six- level p arking structures; as well as a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 8 heritage trees on an
8.85-acre lot, located on the east side of Clyde Avenue south of
Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began in
October 2013 and is expected to be completed by December 2014.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 8
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezoning
from ML-T (Limited Industrial-Transit Overlay District) to P (Planned
Community) District, to allow up to a 1.0 FAR; and a Planned Community
Permit to construct two 192,865 square feet six-story office
buildings, and two, six- level parking str uctures; as well as a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 8 heritage trees on an
8.85-acre lot, located on the east side of Clyde Avenue south of
Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began in
October 2013 and is expected to be completed by December 2014.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 2
In March 2013, the City Council approved a request for a Rezoning from
ML-T (Limited Industrial-Transit Overlay District) to P (Planned
Community) District, to allow up to a 1.0 FAR; and a Planned Community
Permit to construct two 192,865 square feet six-story office
buildings, and two, six-level parking structures; as well as a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 8 heritage trees on an
8.85-acre lot, located on the east side of Clyde Avenue south of
Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction was
completed in January 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Scott Plambaeck
---
590 Showers Dr . 590showersdr
2013 8
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. Building plans were
submitted in May 2013. Anticipated completion is spring 2014.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. Building plans were
submitted in May 2013. Anticipated completion is winter 2014.
2014 2
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. Build ing plans were
submitted in May 2013. Anticipated completion is winter 2014.
2014 3
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. Building plans were
submitted in May 2013. Anticipated completion is winter 2014.
2014 4
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. Building plans were
submitted in May 2013. The original Planned Community Permit and
Heritage Tree Removal Pe rmit has expired. The applicant intends to
resubmit new plans in the future. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2014 6
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. The applicant has
allowed the original Planned Community Permit and Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to expire. Status/Next Step (s): Approval expired. The
applicant intends to resubmit new plans for Zoning Administrator
review and approval in the future. Planning Area: San Antonio Project
Planner: Nancy Minicucci
2014 8
 " 
2014 10
 " 
---
535 and 555 Walker Drive 535and555walkerdrive
2018 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to construct a 58-unit rowhouse development to replace 56 existing
apartment units on a 2.15 acre project site, Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees, and Vesting Tentative Map to
create 11 rowhouse lots and four common lots. The project is located
on th e south of Walker Drive between Alamo Court and Taylor Court in
the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. considered by the
Zoning Administrator/Subdivision Committee on May 9, 2018 and by the
City Council on June 12, 2018.
2018 7
On June 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Vesting Tentative Map to
construc t a 58-unit rowhouse development, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees to replace 56 existing apartment
uni ts on a 2.15 acre project site. The project is located on the
south of Walker Drive between Alamo Court and Taylor Court in the R3-1
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 9
On June 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Vesting Tentative Map to
construct a 58-unit rowhouse development, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees on a 2.15 acre project si te. The
project is located on the south of Walker Drive between Alamo Court
and Taylor Court in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 11
On June 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Vesting Tentative Map to
construct a 58-unit rowhouse development, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees on a 2.15 acre project site. The
project is located on the south of Walker Drive between Alamo Court
and Taylor Court in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On June 12, 2018, th e City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Vesting Tentative Map to
construct a 58-unit rowhouse development, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees on a 2.15 acre project site. The
project is located on the south of Walker Drive between Alamo Court
and Taylor Court in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 6
On June 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Pl anned Unit
Development, a Development Review Permit, and a Vesting Tentative Map
to construct a 58-unit rowhouse development, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees on a 2.15-acre project
site. The project is located on the south of Walke r Drive between
Alamo Court and Taylor Court in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 8
On June 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development, Development Review Permit, and Vesting Tentative Map to
construct a 58-unit rowhouse development, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees on a 2.15-acre project site. The
project is located on the south of Walker Drive between Alamo Court
and Taylor Court in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On June 12, 2018, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development,
Development Review Permit, and Vesting Tentative Map to construct a
58-unit rowhouse development, and a
---
315 and 319 Sierra Vista Avenue 315and319sierravistaavenue
2018 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit; a Development Review
Permit for a new 15-unit rowhouse project to replace seven single and
multiple family units on three lots, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of three heritage trees, and a Vesting Tentative Map
to create seven lots and eight common lots on a 0.9 acre project site;
and a determination that the project is categorically exempt pursuant
to Section 15332 of the CEQA Guidelines (“In-Fill Development"). This
property is located on the East side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Multiple Family
Residential) district.
2018 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit; a Development Review
Permit for a new 15-unit rowhouse project to replace seven single and
multiple family units on three lots, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of four heritage trees, and a Vest ing Tentative Map
to create seven lots and eight common lots on a 0.9 acre project site.
The project is located on the East side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Mu ltiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 7
Request for a Pla nned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 15-unit rowhouse project, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees,
to replace seven single and multiple family units on a 0.9 acre
project site. The project is located on the e ast side of Sierra Vista
Avenue between Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Mu
ltiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 9
On September 11, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 15-unit rowhouse project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of four Heritage trees on a 0.9 acre project site. The
project is locat ed on the east side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 11
On September 11, 2018, the City Co uncil approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Per mit, and Tentative Map for
a new 15-unit rowhouse project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of four Heritage trees on a 0.9 acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and Sa n Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 2
On September 11, 2018, the City Co uncil approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 15-unit rowhouse project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of four Heritage trees on a 0.9 acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 4
On September 11, 2018, the City Co uncil approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 15-unit rowhouse project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of four Heritage trees on a 0.9 acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. • Applicant: Classic Communities
2019 6
On September 11, 2018, the City Council approv ed a Planned Unit
Development Permit, a Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map
to construct a new 15-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of four Heritage trees on a 0.9 acre
project site. The project is located on the east side of Sierra Vista
Avenue between Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 8
On September 11, 2018, the City Co uncil approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 15-unit rowhouse project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of four Heritage trees on a 0.9-acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Sie rra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 10
On September 11, 2018, the City Co uncil approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 15-unit rowhouse project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of four Heritage trees on a 0.9-acre project site. The
project is located on th e east side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2020 3
On September 11, 2018, the City Co uncil approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new 15-unit rowhouse project, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of four Heritage trees on a 0.9-acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Montecito Avenue and San Luis Avenue the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2020 5
 " 
---
277 Fairchild Drive  277fairchilddrive
2013 5
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. The project is in its initial phase of
development review. Final Council action is expected in spring 2014.
(Peter Gilli)
2013 6
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. The project is in its init ial phase of
development review. Final Council action is expected in spring 2014.
2013 7
In April 2013, KB Homes applied for permits for a rowhouse project on
a 1.6 acre project site. The project is in its initial phase of
development review. Final Council action is expected in spring 2014.
(Eric Anderson)
2018 9
On June 9, 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a 22-unit rowhouse development on a 1.47 acre site with frontage
on Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue on the block between North
Whisman Road and Tyrella Avenue and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of eight Heritage trees. The project is located on the
south side of Fairchild Drive between North Whisman Road and Tyrella
Avenue in the P- 32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
On June 9, 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a 22- unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit for the removal of eight Heritage trees on a 1.47-acre
si te. The project has frontage on Fairchild Drive and Evandale Avenue
between North Whisman Road and Tyre lla Avenue. The project is located
on the south side of Fairchild Drive between North Whisman Road and
Tyre lla Avenue in the P- 32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On June 9, 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a 22-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of eight Heritage trees on a 1.47-acre site. The
project is located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between North
Whisman Road and Tyrella Avenue in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On June 9, 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a 22-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of eight Heritage trees on a 1.47-acre site. The
project is located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Nor th
Whisman Road and Tyrella Avenue in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On June 9, 2015, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a 22-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
for the removal of eight Heritage trees on a 1.47-acre site. The
project is located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between North
Whisman Road and Tyrella Avenue in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2020 5
 " 
---
2007- 2014 Housing Element  Implementation 20072014housingelementimplementation
2013 5
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
The Housing Element includes a number of implementation items that
need to be completed during this period. Items planned f or completion
in 2013 include: updating the density bonus ordinance, increasing the
cap on efficiency units, revising the companion unit ordinance and
adding reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates.
2013 6
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007-2014 Housing Element.
The Housing Element includes a number of im plementation items that
need to be completed during this period. Items pl anned for completion
in 2013 include: updating the density bonus ordinance, increasing the
cap on efficiency units, revising the companion unit ordinance and
adding reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates. (Martin
Alkire)
2013 7
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
The Housing Element includes a number of implementation items that
need to be completed during this period. Items planned for completion
in 2013 include: updating th e density bonus ordinance, increasing the
cap on efficiency units, revising the companion unit ordinance and
adding reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates. (Martin
Alkire)
2013 8
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
The Housing Element includes a number of implementation items that
need to be completed during this period. Items planned for completion
in 2013 include: updatin g the density bonus ordinance, increasing the
cap on efficiency units, revising the companion unit ordinance and
adding reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates. (Martin
Alkire)
2013 9
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
The Housing Element includes a number of implementation items that
need to be completed during this period. Items planned for completion
in 2013 include: updating the density bonus ordinance, increasing the
cap on efficiency units, revising the compan ion unit ordinance and
adding reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates.
2013 10
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
The Housing Element includes a number of implementation items that
need to be completed during this period. Items planned for completion
in 20 13 include: updating the density bonus ordinance, increasing the
cap on efficiency units, revising the companion unit ordinance and
adding reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates. (Martin
Alkire)
2013 11
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
The Housing Element includes a number of implementation items that
need to be completed during this period. Items planned for completion
in 2013 include: updating the density bonus ordinance, increasing the
cap on efficiency units, revising the companion unit ordinance and
adding reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates. (Martin
Alkire)
2013 12
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
In December 2013, Council adopted several zoning ordinance amendments
to implement the Housing Element, including: updating the density
bonus ordinance, removing the cap on efficiency un its and adding
reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates.
2014 1
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
In December 2013, Council adopted several zoning ordinance amendments
to implement the Housing Element, including: updating the density
bonus ordinance, removing the cap on efficiency units and adding
reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates.
2014 2
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007-2014 Housing Element.
In December 2013, Council adopted several zoning ordinance amendments
to implement the Housing Element, including: updating the density
bonus ordinance, removing the cap on efficiency units and adding
reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates.
2014 3
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007- 2014 Housing Element.
In December 2013, Council adopted several zoning ordinance amendments
to implement the Housing Element, including: updating the density
bonus ordinance, removing the cap on efficiency units and adding
reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates. (Martin Alkire)
2014 4
In January 2012, the Council approved the 2007-2014 Housing Element.
In December 2013, Council adopted several zoning ordinance amendments
to implement the Housing Element, including: updating the density
bonus o rdinance, removing the cap on efficiency units and adding
reasonable accommodation zoning ordinance updates.
---
1555 West Middlefield Road 1555westmiddlefieldroad
2019 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Per mit, a Development Review
Permit, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to construct a 116-unit
rowhouse development on a 5.61- acre site. The project also includes a
Vest ing Tentative Map to create a 116 lots and a common lot. This
project is located on the west side of Middlefield Road between
Burgoyne Street and San Pierre Way in the R3-2 (Multi-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a of a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit for a 115-unit rowhouse development to replace an existing
116-unit apartment complex; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
55 Heritage trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create 115
individual lots and one common lot on a 5.61-acre site. This project
is located on the west side of Middlefield Road between Burgoyne
Street and San Pierre Way in the R3-2 (Multi ple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 115-unit rowhouse development to replace an existing
116-unit apartment complex; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
55 Heritage trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create 115
individual lots and one common lot on a 5.61-acre site. This project
is located on the west side of Middlefield Road between Burgoyne
Street and San Pierre Way in the R3-2 (Multi ple-Family Residential)
district.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 115- unit rowhouse development to replace an existing
116-unit apartment complex; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
55 Heritage trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create 115
residential lots and one common lot on a 5. 44-acre site. This project
is located on the west side of Middlefield Road between Burgoyne
Street and San Pier re Way in the R3-2 (Multi ple- Family Residential)
district. Committee recommended City Council approval the project at a
public hearing on February 12, 2020. The City Council will review the
project for final consideration at a public hearing on March 17, 2020.
2020 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 115- unit rowhouse development to replace an existing
116-unit apartment complex; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
55 Heritage trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create 115
residential lots and one common lot on a 5. 44-acre site. This project
is loc ated on the west side of Middlefield Road between Burgoyne
Street and San Pierre Way in the R3-2 (Multi ple- Family Residential)
district. recommended approval to the City Council at a public hearing
on February 12, 2020. The City Council will consider the project at a
public hearing on May 19, 2020.
2022 2
On May 19, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 115-unit rowhouse
development, replac ing an existing 116-unit apartment complex; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 55 Heritage trees; and a
Vesting Tentative Map to create 115 residential lots and one common
lot on a 5.44-acre site. This project is located on the west side of
Middlefield Road between Burgoyne Street and San Pierre Way in the
R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
On May 19, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 11 5-unit rowhouse
development, replacing an existing 116-unit apartment complex; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 55 Heritage trees; and a
Vesting Tentative Map to create 115 residential lots and one common
lot on a 5.44-acre site. This project is lo cated on the west side of
Middlefield Road between Burgoyne Street and San Pierre Way in the
R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2022 8
On May 19, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Dev elopment Review Permit for a 115-unit rowhouse
development, replacing an existing 116-unit apartment complex; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 55 Heritage trees; and a
Vesting Tentative Map to create 115 residential lots and one common
lot on a 5.4 4-acre site. This project is located on the west side of
Middlefield Road between Burgoyne Street and San Pierre Way in the
R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2022 10
On May 19, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 115-unit rowhouse
development, replacing an existing 116-unit apartment complex; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 55 Heritage trees; and a
Vesting Tentative Map to create 115 residential lots and one common
lot on a 5.44-acre site. This project is located on the west side of
Middlefield Road between Burgoyne Street and San Pierre Way in the
R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2022 12
On May 19, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 115-unit rowhouse
development, replacing an existing 116-unit apartment complex; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 55 Herit age trees; and a
Vesting Tentative Map to create 115 residential lots and one common
lot on a 5.44-acre site. This project is located on the west side of
Middlefield Road between Burgoyne Street and San Pierre Way in the
R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2023 2
On May 19, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 115-unit rowhouse
development, replacing an existing 116-unit apartment complex; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 55 Heritage trees; and a
Vesting Tentative Map to create 115 residential lots and one common
lot on a 5.44-acre site. This project is located on the PROJECTS UNDER
CONSTRUCTION west side of Middlefield Road between Burgoyne Street and
San Pierre Way in the R3-2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
---
1185 Terra Bella Avenu e 1185terrabellaavenue
2017 4
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story
9,700 Square foot commercial office building to replace two existing
commercial buildings, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal
of three Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. This property is
located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue, between North
Shoreline Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) district. Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2017 6
Development Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 s quare
foot commercial office building to replace tw o existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. This project is located on
the s outh side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial)
district. Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2018 1
On August 10, 2017 the Zoning Admin istrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace tw o existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees o n a 0.43-acre project site. The project is located on
the s outh side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Ind ustrial)
district.
2018 3
On August 10, 2017 the Zoning Admin istrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace two existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of thre e
Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline Boulevard
and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2018 5
On August 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace two existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline Boulevard
and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2018 7
On August 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace two existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. The p roject is located on
the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline Boulevard
and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2018 9
On August 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace two existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline Boulevard
and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2018 11
On August 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace two existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of Terra Bella Avenue betwe en North Shoreline
Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial)
district.
2019 2
On August 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace two existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Pe rmit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline Boulevard
and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 4
On August 10, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace two existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.43- acre project site. The p roject is located
on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline
Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial)
district.
2019 6
On August 10, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot
commercial office building to replace two existing commercial
buildings and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.43-acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline Boul
evard and Linda Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 8
On August 10, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a Development
Review Permit to construct a new two-story, 9,700 square foot commerc
ial office building to replace two existing commercial buildings and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three Heritage trees
on a 0.43-acre project site. The project is located on the south side
of Terra Bella Avenue between North Shoreline Boulevard and Linda
Vista Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
---
East San Antonio Center  Master Plan eastsanantoniocentermasterplan
2016 3
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the
east side of San Antonio Center. This property is located on the west
side of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. tentatively scheduled for April
2016.
2016 4
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the
east side of San Antonio Center. This property is located on the west
side of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. tentatively scheduled for April
6, 2016 and May 3, 2016, respectively.
2016 6
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the
east side of San Antonio Center. This property is located on the west
side of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. 2016. A City Council study
session is tent atively scheduled for Fall 2016.
2016 8
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the
east side of San Antonio Center. This property is located on the west
side of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. 2016. A City Council study
session is tentatively scheduled for fall 2016.
2016 10
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the
east side of San Antonio Center. This property is located on the west
side of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. April 6, 2016. A City Council
study session has no t yet been scheduled.
2017 2
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the
east side of San Antonio Center. This property is located on the west
side of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. Commission ( EPC) held a study
session on April 6, 2016. A City Council study session has not been
scheduled.
2017 4
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the
east side of San Antonio Center. This property is located on the west
side of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Pl an. Commission ( EPC) held a study
session on April 6, 2016. A City Council study session has not been
scheduled.
2017 6
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the
east side of San Antonio Center. This property is located on the west
side of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. Commission ( EPC) held a study
session on April 6, 2016. A City Council study session has not been
scheduled.
2018 1
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the ea
st side of San Antonio Center. The project is located on the west side
of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in the
P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. Commission ( EPC) held a study
session on April 6, 20 16. A City Council study session has not been
scheduled.
2018 3
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the ea
st side of San Antonio Center. The project is located on the west side
of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in the
P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. Com mission ( EPC) held a study
session on April 6, 2016. A City Council study session has not been
scheduled.
2018 5
Informal review of a Master Plan for long term redevelopment of the ea
st side of San Antonio Center. The project is located on the west side
of Showers Drive, between El Camino Real and California Street in the
P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. April 6, 2016. A City Council study
session has not been scheduled.
---
870 Leong  Drive 870leongdrive
2013 5
In January 2011, Bob Desai applied for permits to replace the vacant
Denny’s building with a three-story, 63 room hotel. There have been
long periods of no activity from the applicant on the project. A
formal submittal for a three-story, 76 room hotel is now expected by
summer 2013. The site is known to have contaminated groundwater. The
Precise Plan allows final action on this application by the Zoning
Administrator. (Noah Downing) San Antonio Planning Area
2013 6
In January 2011, Bob Desai applied for permits to replace the vacant
Denny’s building with a three-story, 63 room hotel. There have been
long periods of no activity from the applicant on the project. A
formal submitta l for a three-story, 78 room hotel arrived in June
2013. The si te is known to ha ve contaminated groundwater. The
Precise Plan allows fi nal action on this application by the Zoning
Administrator. (Noah Downing) San Antonio Planning Area
2013 7
In January 2011, Bob Desai applied for permits to replace the vacant
Denny’s building with a three-story hotel. There have been long
periods of no activity from the applicant on the project. A formal
submittal for a three-story, 7 8 room hotel arrived in June 2013. The
site is known to have contaminated groundwater. The Precise Plan
allows final action on this application by the Zoning Administrator.
(Noah Downing) San Antonio Planning Area 61. Senior Assisted Living
(574 Escuela Avenue) In January 2013, Council approved a 44 bed
assisted living project. Building permits are expected in 2013.
(Margaret Netto)
2018 11
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the construction of
a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel on a 0.85-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of Leong Drive between Moffett
Boulevard and Highway 101 in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
appealed and upheld by the City Council on November 7, 2017.
2019 2
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the construction of
a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel on a 0.85-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of Leong Drive between Moffett
Boulevard and Highway 101 in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
appealed and u pheld by the City Council on November 7, 2017.
2019 4
On September 13, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the construction of
a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel on a 0.85- acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of Leong Drive between Moffett
Boulevard and Highway 101 in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan. and
upheld by the City Council on November 7, 2017.
2019 6
On September 13, 2017, the Zoning Administrat or approved a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit for the construction
of a new 41,039 square foot, 78- room hotel on a 0.85-acre project
site. The projec t is located on the west side of Leong Drive between
Moffett Boulevard and Highway 101 in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
and upheld by the City Council on November 7, 2017.
2019 8
On September 13, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the construction of
a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel on a 0.85-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of Leong Drive between Moffett
Boulevard and Highway 101 in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
Request for a one-year permit extension of a previously approved
Provisional Use Permit for a parking reduction for 70 parking spaces,
in lieu of the required 75 spaces; Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to allow construction of a new 74-room hotel
to replace an existing commercial building; and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit t o remove 4 Heritage trees (002-11-PCZA) on a
1.15-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
Leong Drive between Moffett Boulevard and Fairchild Drive in the P-32
(Evandale) Precise Plan. Hearing on February 12, 2020 to a future
public hearing date.
2020 5
On April 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-year permit
extension of a previously approved Provisional Use Permit for a
parking reduction for 70 parking spaces, in lieu of the required 75
spaces; Planned Community Permit and Dev elopment Review Permit to
allow construction of a new 74-room hotel to replace an existing
commercial building; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 4
Heritage trees (002-11-PCZA) on a 1.15-acre project site. The project
is located on the west side of Leong Drive between Moffett Boulevard
and Fairchild Drive in the P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan. Projects
Under Construction
---
864 Hope Street 864hopestreet
2018 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Tentative Map for three residential units to replace one single-family
home on a 0.25 acre project site. The project is located on the west
side of Hope Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Avenue in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE
AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/ EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning
Area
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Tentative Map for three residential units to replace one single-family
home on a 0.25 acre project site. The project is loc ated on the west
side of Hope Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Avenue in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Tentative Map for three residential units to replace one single-family
home on a 0.25 acre project site. The project is located on the west
side of Hope Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Ave nue in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Tentative Map for three residential units to replace one single-family
home on a 0.25 acre project site. The project is l ocated on the west
side of Hope Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Avenue in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE
AREAS AND DOWNTOWN/
2018 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit and
Tentative Map for three residential units to replace one single-family
home on a 0.25 acre project site. The project is located on the west
side of Hope Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Avenue in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
On November 14, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit, Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for
three residential units to replace one single-family home on a 0.25
acre project site. The project is located on the west side of Hope
Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Ave nue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 4
On November 14, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit, Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for
three residential units to replace one single-family home on a 0.25
acre project site. The project is located on the west side of Hope
Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Avenue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On November 14, 2018, the Zoning Administrat or approved a Planned
Community Permit, a Development Review Permit, and a Tentative Map to
create three residential units to replace one single-family home on a
0.25 acre pr oject site. The project is located on the west side of
Hope Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Avenue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On November 14, 2018, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit, Development Review Permit and Tentative Map for
three re sidential units to replace one single-family home on a
0.25-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
Hope Street between Yosemite Avenue and Fairmont Avenue in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 10
 " 
---
855-1023 West El Camino Real 8551023westelcaminoreal
2019 8
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to construct a Senior Care
facility, a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new 3-story, 38,272 square foot, 60-bed senior memory care
facility with ground floor retail/restaurant uses, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 9 Heritage trees, re placing an existing
restaurant on a 0.83-acre site. This project is located on the south
side of West El Camino Real between Miramonte Avenue and Castro Street
in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 10
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to construct a senior care
facility use, a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to allow a new 3-story, 38,272 square foot, 60-bed senior memory care
facility with ground floor retail/restaurant uses, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 9 Heritage trees, replacing an existing
restaurant, on a 0.83-acre site. This project is located on the south
side of West El Camino Real between Miramont e Avenue and Castro
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 3
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a senior care facility
use; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow
a new 3-story, 60-bed senior memory care facility with ground floor
retail and restaurant uses replacing an existing restaurant and retail
store on a 0. 85-acre site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 9
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine six lots into
one lot. This project is located on the south side of West El Camino
Real between Miramonte Avenue and Castro Street in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional
Use Permit to allow a senior care facility use; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a mixed-use 3-story,
60-bed senior memory care facility with 5,883 square feet of ground
floor retail and restaurant uses and a parking reduction to provide 42
spaces, in lieu of 59 required s paces, replacing an existing
restaurant and retail store; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
9 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine six lots
into one lot on a 0.85-acre site. This project is located on the south
side of West El Cam ino Real between Miramonte Avenue and Castro
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject
to SB 330.
2022 4
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional
Use Permit to allow a senior care facility use; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a mixed-use 3-story,
60-bed senior memory care facility with 5,883 square feet of ground
floor retail and restaurant uses and a parking reduction to provide 42
spaces, in lieu of 59 required spaces, replacing an existing
restaurant and retail store; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
9 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine six lots
into one lot on a 0.85-acre site. This project is located on the south
side of West El Camino Real between Miramonte Av enue and Castro
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject
to SB 330.
2022 6
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional
Use Permit to allow a senior care facility use; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a mixed-use 3-story,
60-bed senior memory care facility with 5,883 square feet of ground
floor retail and restaurant uses and a parking reduction to provide 42
spaces, in lieu of 59 required spaces, replacing an existing
restaurant and retail store; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
9 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Par cel Map to combine six lots
into one lot on a 0.85-acre site. This project is located on the south
side of West El Camino Real between Miramonte Avenue and Castro Street
in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB
330. Project Planner: Brittany Whitehill
2022 8
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional
Use Permit to allow a senior care facility use; a Planned Communit y
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a mixed-use 3-story,
60-bed senior memory care facility with 5,883 square feet of ground
floor retail and restaurant uses and a parking reduction to provide 42
spaces, in lieu of 59 required spaces, replacing an existing
restaurant and retail store; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
9 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine six lots
into one lot on a 0.85-acre site. This project is located on the south
side of West El Camino Real between Miramonte Avenue and Castro Street
in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB
330.
2022 10
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional
Use Permit to allow a senior care facility use; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permi t to allow a mixed-use 3-story,
60-bed senior memory care facility with 5,883 square feet of ground
floor retail and restaurant uses and a parking reduction to provide 42
spaces, in lieu of 59 required spaces, replacing an existing
restaurant and retail st ore; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
9 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine six lots
into one lot on a 0.85-acre site. This project is located on the south
side of West El Camino Real between Miramonte Avenue and Castro Street
i n the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB
330.
2022 12
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator app roved a Provisional
Use Permit to allow a senior care facility use; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a mixed-use PROJECTS
UNDER CONSTRUCTION 3-story, 60-bed senior memory care facility with
5,883 square feet of ground floor retail and restaurant uses and a
parking reduction to provide 42 spaces, in lieu of 59 required spaces,
replacing an existing restaurant and retail store; a Heritage Tree Re
moval Permit to remove 9 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map
to combine six lots into one lot on a 0.85-acre site. This project is
located on the south side of West El Camino Real between Miramonte
Avenue and Castro Street in the P-38 (El Camino R eal) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
On August 12, 2020, the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional
Use Permit to allow a senior care facility use; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a mixed-use 3-story,
60-bed senior memory care facility with 5,883 square feet of ground
floor retail and restaurant uses and a parking reduction to provide 42
spaces, in lieu of 59 required spaces, replacing an existing
restaurant and retail store; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
9 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Par cel Map to combine six lots
into one lot on a 0.85-acre site. This project is located on the south
side of West El Camino Real between Miramonte Avenue and Castro Street
in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB
330.
---
460 North Shoreline Boulevard 460northshorelineboulevard
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to allow an amendment to the
P-5 (460 N. Shoreline Boulevard) Precis e Plan to demolish 12
affordable townhome units and replace them with 62 affordable units
(21 studios, 21 one-bedroom s, 8 two- bedroom s, and 12 three-bedroom
s), Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 35 trees (18 Heritage).
This property is located on the west side of North Shoreline Boulevard
between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue in the P-5 (460 North
Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan. Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2017 4
Request to amend the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan to
increase from 125 to 170 units, a Planned Community Permit to demolish
12 affordable townhouse units and replace them with 62 affordable
units (21 studios, 21 one-bedroom, 8 two- bedroom, and 12 three
bedroom), a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 18
Heritage trees on a 5.32 acre project site. This property is located
west of North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright
Avenue in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
2018 9
On January 30, 2018 the City Council approved a request for Precise
Plan Amendments to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan,
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish 12
affor dable units and replace them with 62 affordable units in an
existing affordable housing community (Shorebreeze Apartments), and a
Heritage Tree Re moval Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on
a 5.34 acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
2018 11
On January 30, 2018 the City Council approved a request for Precise
Plan Amendments to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan,
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolis h 12
affor dable units and replace them with 62 affordable units in an
existing affordable housing community (Shorebreeze Apartments), and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
5.34 acre project site. The project is locate d on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
2019 2
On January 30, 2018 the City Council approved a request for Precise
Plan Amendments to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan,
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish 12
affor dable units and replace them with 62 affordable units in an
existing affordable housing community (Shorebreeze Apartments), and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
5.34 acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Bou levard) Precise Plan.
2019 4
On January 30, 2018 the Ci ty Council approved a request for Precise
Plan Amendments to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan,
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish 12
affor dable units and replace them with 62 affordable units in an
existing aff ordable housing community (Shorebreeze Apartments), and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
5.34 acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wrigh t Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On January 30, 2018, the City Council approved Precise Plan Amendments
to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan, a Plan ned
Community Permit, and a Development Review Permit to demolish 12
affordable units and construct 62 affordable units in an existing
affordable housing community (Sho rebreeze Apartments), and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
5.34-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shorel ine Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Sh oreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On January 30, 2018, the City Council approved a Precise Plan
Amendment to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 62
affordable units in an existing affordable housing community
(Shorebreeze Apartments) to replace 12 affor dable units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
5.34-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On January 30, 2018, the City Council approved a Precise Plan
Amendment to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 62
affordable units in an existing affordable housing community
(Shorebreeze Apartments) to replace 12 affor dable units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage t rees on
a 5.34-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On January 30, 2018, the City Council approved a Precise Plan
Amendment to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 62
affordable units in an existing affordable housing community
(Shorebreeze Apartments) to replace 12 affor dable units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
3.4-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boule vard) Precise Plan.
2020 5
On January 30, 2018, the City Council approved a Precise Plan
Amendment to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 62
affordable units in an existing affordable housing community
(Shorebreeze Apartments) to replace 12 affor dable units, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage t rees on
a 3.4-acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
---
365 Villa St.  365villast
2013 8
In July 2012, Council approve d a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Building permits were submitted in January 2013,
demolition is expected to begin in August 2013, and construction in
October 2013.
2013 9
In July 2012, Council approve d a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Building permits were submitted in January 2013,
demolition began in August 2013, and construction will start in
October 2013.
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
In July 2012, Council approve d a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Construction started in October 2013 and completion will
be in October 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 12
In July 2012, Council approve d a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Construction started in October 2013 and completion is
expected in October 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In July 2012, Council approved a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Construction started in October 2013 and comp letion is
expected in October 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Pla nning Area)
2014 3
In July 2012, Council approve d a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Construction started in October 2013 and completion is
expected in October 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 4
In July 2012, Council approve d a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Construction started in October 2013 and completion is
expected in late summer 2014.
2014 6
In July 2012, the City Council approved a 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision with a new private street on a 1.2 acre (52,292 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started in
October 2013 and is expected to be completed in late summer 2014.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
2014 8
In July 2012, the City Council approved a 12 sma ll-lot, single-family
subdivision with a new private street on a 1.2 acre (52,292 sq. ft.)
project site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction started in
October 2013 and is expected to be completed in late summer 2014. The
units are currently for sale. Planning Area: Centra l Neighborhoods
Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
---
325 - 339 Franklin Street 325339franklinstreet
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to replace 13 existing rental units with a 15-unit residential
condominium project on a 0.52 acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Franklin Street between California Street
and West Dana Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 9
 " 
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
 " 
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review Permit
to replace 13 existing rental units with a 15-unit resident ial
condominium project on a 0.52-acre site. The project is located on the
east side of Frank lin Street between California Street and West Dana
Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 15-unit residential condominium project to replace 13
existing rental units on a 0.52-acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Franklin Street between California Street
and West Dana Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Status &
Next Steps: Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods/Downtown Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Applicant:
DaRosa Associates
2019 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 15 condominium units to replace 13 existing rental
units on a 0.52-acre project site. The project is located on the east
side of Franklin Street between California Street and West Dana S
treet in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct 15 condominium townhouse units to replace 13 existing
rental units, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove four
Heritage trees on a 0.52-acre project site. The project is located on
the east side of Franklin Street between California Street and West
Dana Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
On December 8, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct 15 condominium townhomes,
replac ing 13 existing residential units, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove four Heritage trees on a 0.52-acre project site. The
project is located on the east side of Franklin Street between
California Street and West Dana Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise
Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
---
209 -  405 W. Evelyn Ave. 209405wevelynave
2013 8
In December 2010, Council approved 65 rowhouse units. Phase 1 (29
units) is completed and fully occupied. Building permits for Phase 2
(36 units) were issued in March 2013 and construction is underway.
Completion is expected by spring 2014.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
In December 2010, Council approved 65 rowhouse units. Phase 1 (29
units) is completed and fully occupied. Building permits for Phase 2
(36 units) were issued in March 2013 and construction is underway.
Completion is expected by spr ing 2014.
2013 12
In December 2010, Council approved 65 rowhouse units. Phase 1 (29
units) is completed and fully occupied. Building permits for Phase 2
(36 units) were issued in March 2013 and construction is underway.
Completion is expected by spring 2014.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In December 2010, Council approved 65 ro whouse units. Phase 1 (29
units) is completed and fully occupied. Building pe rmits for Phase 2
(36 units) were issued in March 2013 and construction is underway.
Completion is expected by spring 2014.
2014 3
In December 2010, Council approved 65 rowhouse units. Phase 1 (29
units) is completed and fully occupied. Building permits for Phase 2
(36 units) were issued in March 2013 and construction is underway.
Completion is expected by s ummer 2014.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In December 2010, the City Council approved 65 rowhouse units on a
3.72 acre site. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Phase 1 (29 units) is
completed and fully occupied. Building permits for Phase 2 (36 units)
were issued in March 2013 and is expected to be completed in summer
2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2014 8
In December 2010, the City Council approved 65 rowhouse units on a
3.72 acre site. Status/Nex t Step(s): Approved. Phase 1 (29 units) is
completed and fully occupied. Building permits for Phase 2 (36 units)
were issued in March 2013 and is expected to be completed in summer
2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
---
2005 Rock Street 2005rockstreet
2018 7
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a new residential development including
eight rowhouse units and seven townhome units, and Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage Trees on a 1.1-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Rock Street between
North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a new residential development including
eight rowhouse units and seven townhome units, and Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage Trees on a 1.1-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Rock Street between
North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district. approval to the City Council
which is tentatively scheduled for October 2018.
2018 11
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Map for a new residential development including
eight rowhouse units and seven townhome units, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage Trees on a 1. 1-acre project
site. The project is located on the south side of Rock Street between
North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district. approval to the City Council,
which is tentatively scheduled for November 2018.
2019 2
On December 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a
new residential development including eight rowhouse units and seven
townhome units, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven
Heritage Trees on a 1.1-acre proj ect site. The project is located on
the south side of Rock Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 4
On December 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit for a new residential
development including eight rowhouse units and seven townhome units,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage Trees on a
1.1- acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
Rock Street between North R engstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue
in the R3-2.2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2019 6
On December 12, 2018, the City Council appr oved a Planned Unit
Development and a Development Review Permit for a new resident ial
development including eight rowhouse units and seven townhome units,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage Trees on a
1.1-acre project site. The pr oject is located on the south side of
Rock Street between North Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in
the R3-2.2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2019 8
On December 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit for a new residential
development including eight rowhouse units and seven townhome units,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a
1.1-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
Rock Street between N orth Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue
in the R3-2.2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2019 10
On December 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit for a new residential
development including eight rowhouse units and seven townhome units,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a
1.1-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
Rock Street between North R engstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue
in the R3-2.2 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2020 3
On December 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct eight rowho use
units and seven townhome units on a 1.1-acre project site; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees; and a Tentative
Parcel Map to create 15 resident ial lots and a common lot. The
project is located on the south side of Rock Street between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2020 5
On December 12, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development and Development Review Permit to construct eight rowho use
units and seven townhome units on a 1.1-acre project site; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees; and a Tentative
Parcel Map to create 15 residential lots and a common lot. The project
is located on the south side of Rock Street between North Rengstorff
Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 2
On December 12, 2018, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and Development Review Permit to construct eight rowhouse units and
seven townhome units
---
1950 Montecito Avenue 1950montecitoavenue
2018 9
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 33- unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal
P ermit to remove 26 Heritage trees on a 1.85 acre project site. This
project is located on the north side of Montecito Avenue between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On March 26, 2019 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33-unit rowhouse
development and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit to remove 22 Heritage
trees on a 1.85 acre project site. This project is located on the
north side of Montecito Avenue between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Projects Under Construction
2019 6
On March 26, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and a Development Review Permit for a 33-unit ro
whouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 22
Heritage trees on a 1.85-acre project site. This project is located on
the north side of Montecito Av enue between North Rengstorff Avenue
and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 8
On March 26, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33-unit
rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit to remove 22
Heritage trees on a 1.85-acre project site. This project is located on
the north side of Montecito Avenue between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 10
On March 26, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33-unit
rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit to remove 22
Heritage trees on a 1.85-acre project site. This project is located on
the north s ide of Montecito Avenue between North Rengstorff Avenue
and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2020 3
On March 26, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33-unit
rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit to remove 22
Heritage trees on a 1.85-acre project site. This project is located on
the north side of Montecito Avenue between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierr a Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2020 5
On March 26, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33-unit
rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Removal P ermit to remove 22
Heritage trees on a 1.85-acre project site. This project is located on
the north side of Montecito Avenue between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2022 2
On March 26, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33-unit rowhouse
development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 22 Heritage
trees on a 1.85-acre project site. This project is located on the
north side of Montecito Avenue between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
distric t.
2022 4
On March 26, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 33-unit rowhouse
development and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 22 Heritage
trees on a 1.85-acre project site. This project is located on the
north side of Montecito Avenue between North Rengstorff Avenue and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
---
1720 Villa Street  1720villastreet
2019 4
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium- Density Residential
and Low- Density Residential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development Review Permit to construct
a 226-unit apartment complex over two levels of underground parking to
replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single family homes, and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 26 Heritage trees. The project
is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita Avenue in the
P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single- Family
Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 6
On June 4, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from Medium-Density Residential and Low- Density Re
sidential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from
R3-2 (Multi-Fam ily Residential) and R1 (Single-Family Residential)
districts to P-17 (Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan), a Precise Plan
Amendment, a Planned Community Permit, and a Development Review Permit
to construct a 226-unit apartment complex over two levels of underg
round parking to replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single
family homes, and a Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 26 Heritage
trees. The project is located on the nort h side of Villa Street at
Chiquita Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (S
ingle-Family Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
On June 4, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from Medium- Density Residential and Low-Density Residential to High-
Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district and R1 (Single-Family Residential) district to
P-17 (Villa Mariposa) Precise Plan, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 226-unit apartment complex
over two levels of underground parking to replace 16 apartment units
and 3 single family homes, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 26 Heritage trees. The project is located on the north side of
Villa Street at Chiquita Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise
Plan, the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district and the R3-2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district. Projects Under Construction
2019 10
On June 4, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from Medium- Density Residential and Low-Density Residential to High-
Density Residential, a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district and R1 (Single-Family Residential) district to
P-17 (Villa Mariposa) Pr ecise Plan, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 226-unit apartment complex
over two levels of underground parking to replace 16 apartment units
and 3 single fa mily homes, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 26 Heritage trees. The project is located on the north side of
Villa Street at Chiquita Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise
Plan, the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district and the R3-2 (Mul
tiple-Family Residential) district. Projects Under Construction
2020 3
On June 4, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from Medium- Density Residential and Low-Density Residential to High-
Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district and R1 (Single-Family Residential) district to
P-17 (Villa Mariposa) Pr ecise Plan; a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 226-unit apartment complex
over two levels of underground parking to replace 16 apartment units
and 3 single family homes; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create two parcels.
The project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Pla n, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2020 5
On June 4, 2019, the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from Medium- Density Residential and Low-Density Residential to High-
Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district and R1 (Single-Fami ly Residential) district to
P-17 (Villa Mariposa) Precise Plan; a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 226-unit apartment complex
over two levels of underground parking to replace 16 apartment units
and 3 single family homes; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create two parcels.
The project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 2
On June 4, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential and Low-Density Residential to High-Density
Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district and R1 (Single-Family Residential) district to
P-17 (Villa Mariposa) Pr ecise Plan; a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 226-unit apartment complex
over two levels of underground parking, replac ing 16 apartment units
and 3 single fa mily homes; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
26 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create two parcels.
The project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Singl
e-Family Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
On June 4, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential and Low-Density Residential to High-Density
Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district and R1 (Single-Family Residential) district to
P-17 (Villa Mariposa) Precise Plan; a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa P recise Plan; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 226-unit apartment complex
over two levels of underground parking, replac ing 16 apartment units
and 3 single family homes; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create two parcels.
The project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 8
On June 4, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential and Low-Density Residential to High-Density
Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district and R1 (Single-Family Residential) district to
P-17 (Villa Mariposa) Precise Plan; a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 226-unit apartment complex
over two levels of underground parking, replac ing 16 apartment units
and 3 single family homes; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create two parcels.
The project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2022 10
On June 4, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Density Residential and Low-Density Residential to High-Density
Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district and R1 (Single-Family Residential) district to
P-17 (Villa Mariposa) Precise Plan; a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 226-unit ap artment complex
over two levels of underground parking, replac ing 16 apartment units
and 3 single family homes; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 26
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create two parcels.
The project is located on the no rth side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
---
1400 North Shoreline Boulevard  1400northshorelineboulevard
2015 10
In October 2015, LinkedIn and Sywest submitted an informal application
for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development consisting of 1,491,789
square feet of office, 93,036 square feet of retail and rest aurant
space, 98,000 square feet of athletic club, 88,500 square feet of
theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel, over two levels of
underground parking and one level of podium parking, for a total gross
building area of 1,870,294 square feet and a 1.69 to tal gross
building FAR.
2015 11
In October 2015, LinkedIn and Sywest submitted an informal application
for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development consisting of 1,491,789
square feet of office, 93,036 square feet of retail and restaurant
space, 98,000 square feet of athletic club, 88,500 square feet of
theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel, over two levels of
underground parking and one level of podium parking, for a total gross
building area of 1,870,294 square feet and a 1.69 total gross building
FAR. and September 2015, respectively. The applicant submitted an
informal application October 2015.
2015 12
In October 2015, LinkedIn and Sywest submitted an informal application
for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development consisting of 1,491,789
square feet of office, 93,036 square feet of retail and restaurant
space, 98,000 square feet of athletic club, 88,500 square feet of
theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel, over two levels of
underground parking and one level of podium parking, for a total gross
building area of 1,870,294 square feet and a 1.69 total gross building
FAR. scheduled for December 16, 2015 to review the informal plans.
2016 2
Request for a Master Plan for a mixed-use d evelopment, and a Planned
Community Permit for 1,491,789 square feet of office, 93,036 square
feet of retail and restaurant space, 98,000 square feet of athletic
club, 88,500 square feet of theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel,
over two levels of underg round parking and one level of podium
parking, for a total gross building area of 1,870,294 square feet and
a 1.69 total gross building FAR. Development Review Committee (DRC)
meetin g is scheduled for February 3, 2016 to review the office plans.
2016 3
Request for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development, and a Planned
Community Permit for 1,491,789 square feet of office, 93,036 square
feet of retail and restaurant space, 98,000 square feet of athletic
club, 88,500 square feet of theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel,
over two levels of underground parking and one level of podium
parking, for a total gross building area of 1,870,294 square feet and
a 1.69 total gross building FAR. additional Development Review
Committee (DRC) meeting s are scheduled for April and May 2016 to
review the project.
2016 4
Request for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development, and a Plan ned
Community Permit for 1,491,789 square feet of office, 93,036 square
feet of retail and restaurant space, 98,000 square feet of athletic
club, 88,500 square feet of theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel,
over two levels of underground parking and one level of podium
parking, for a total gross building area of 1,870,294 square feet and
a 1.69 total gross building FAR. formal application is expected in
summer 2016.
2016 6
Request for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development, and a Planned
Community Permit for 1,491,789 square feet of office, 93,036 square
feet of retail and restau rant space, 98,000 square feet of athletic
club, 88,500 square feet of theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel,
over two levels of underground parking and one level of podium
parking, for a total gross building area of 1,870,294 square feet and
a 1.69 tota l gross building FAR. formal application is expected in
summer 2016.
2016 8
Request for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development, and a Planned
Community Permit for 1,491,789 square feet of office, 93,036 square
feet of retail and restaurant space, 98,000 square feet of athletic
club, 88,500 square feet of theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel,
over two levels of underground parking and one level of podium
parking, for a total gross building area of 1,870,294 square feet and
a 1.69 total gross building FAR. formal application is expected in
summer 2016.
2016 10
Request for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development, and a Planned
Community Permit for 1,491,789 square feet of office, 93,036 square
feet of retail and restaurant space, 98,000 square feet of athletic
club, 88,500 square feet of theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel,
over two levels of underground parking and one level of podium
parking, for a total gross building area of 1,870,294 sq uare feet and
a 1.69 total gross building FAR. direction from the applicant.
2017 2
Request for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development, and a Planned
Community Permit for 1,491,789 square feet of office, 93,036 square
feet of retail and restaurant space, 98,000 square feet of athleti c
club, 88,500 square feet of theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel,
over two levels of underground parking and one level of podium
parking, for a total gross building area of 1,870,294 square feet and
a 1.69 total gross building FAR. direction from the applicant.
2017 4
Request for a Master Plan for a mixed-use development, and a Planned
Community Permit for 1,491,789 square feet of office, 93,036 square
feet of retail and restaurant space, 98,000 square feet of athletic
club, 88,500 square feet of theater, and a 98,969 square foot hotel,
over two levels of underground park ing and one level of podium
parking, for a total gross building area of 1,870,294 square feet and
a 1.69 total gross building FAR. direction from the applicant.
---
115 Evandale Ave. 115evandaleave
2013 8
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detached rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction is
anticipated to begin in fall 2013 with completion in fall 2014.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detached rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction is
anticipated to begin in fall 2013 with completion in fall 2014. (Scott
Plambaeck)
2013 11
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detached rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction is
anticipated to begin in fall 2013 with completion in fall 2014.
2013 12
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detached rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction is began in O
ctober 2013 with completion in fall 2014. (Scott Plambaeck)
2014 1
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detached rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction began in
October 2013 with completion in fall 2014.
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detached rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction began in
October 2013 with completion anticipated in fall 2014.
2014 4
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detach ed rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction began in
October 2013 with completion anticipated in fall 2014.
2014 6
In January 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit and a Development Review Permit for a 6-unit
rowhome project on a 0.45-acre vacant lot, on the south east corner of
Piazza Drive and Evandale Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction began in October 2013 and is expected to be completed in
June 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
2014 8
In January 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Planned
Unit Development Permit and a Development Review Permit for a 6-unit
rowhome project on a 0.45-acre vacant lot, o n the south east corner
of Piazza Drive and Evandale Avenue. Status/Next Step(s): Approved.
Construction began in October 2013 and was completed in June 2014.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
---
1101 W. El Camino Real  1101welcaminoreal
2015 11
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existi ng Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. review. Construction of the
underground parking has begun.
2015 12
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus L aw, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. review. Construction of the
underground parking has begun.
2016 2
On November 12, 2014, the City C ouncil approved a Zoning Map
Amendment to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd
(One- and Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.
98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. Construction of the
underground parking has begun.
2016 3
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage t ree on a
0. 98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 owne rship units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site.
2016 4
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage t ree on a
0. 98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existi ng Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site.
2016 6
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus L aw, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage t ree on a
0. 98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 owner ship units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site.
2016 8
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a G eneral Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium developmen t with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage t ree on a
0. 98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site.
2016 10
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus L aw, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage t ree on a
0. 98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 owner ship units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. completion fall 2017.
2017 2
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA (Co
mmercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designation for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage t ree on a
0. 98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 ownership units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. completion fall 2017.
2017 4
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
to rezone the rear portion of the project site from R2-9sd (One- and
Two-Family Residential Special Design) district to the CRA
(Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General Plan Map
Amendment to alter the land use designa tion for the same portion of
the project site from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use
Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit for a
4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% density bonus,
under State Density Bonus Law, and one-level of underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage t ree on a
0. 98 acre ( 42,127-square-foot) project site. The proposed project
includes demolish ing the existing Harv’s Carwash and replacing it
with 52 owne rship units, resulting in approximately 73,445 net new
square feet of development on the site. completion fall 2017.
2017 6
Zoning Map Amendment to rezone the rear portion of the project site
from R2-9sd (One- and Two-Family Residential Special Design) district
to the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district and a General
Plan Map Amendment to alter the land use de signation for the same
portion of the project site from Medium- Density Residential to Mixed-
Use Corridor, a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 4-story, 52-unit condominium development with a 35% State
Density Bonus, to replace Harv’s Carwash, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove one Heritage t ree on a 0. 98 acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real between
Miramonte Avenue and Castro Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Pla n. November 12, 2014. Under construction with expected
completion Summer 2017.
---
100 -  200 W. Evelyn Ave.  100200wevelynave
2013 9
In March 2010, Council approved a 48,000 square foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction began in
December 2012 and c ompletion is expected by summer 2014.
2013 10
In March 2010, Council approved a 48,000 sq uare foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction began in
December 2012 and c ompletion is expected by summer 2014.
2013 11
In March 2010, Council approved a 48,000 sq uare foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction began in
December 2012 and c ompletion is expected by summer 2014. (Central
Neighborhoods Planning Area) (Stephanie Williams) PLANNING PROJECTS
OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN / EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2013 12
In March 2010, Council approved a 48,000 sq uare foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction began in
December 2012 and c ompletion is expected by summer 2014.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In March 2010, Council approved a 48,000 square foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction began in
December 2012 and completion is expected by summer 2014.
2014 3
In March 2010, Council approved a 48,000 sq uare foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction began in
December 2012 and c ompletion is expected by summer 2014.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In March 2010, the City Council approved a 48,000 square foot three-
story office building. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in December 2012 and is expected to be completed in summer 2014.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2014 8
In March 2010, the City Council approved a 48,000 square foot three-
story office building. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construc tion
began in December 2012 and is expected to be completed in summer 2014.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
2014 10
In March 2010, the City Council approved a 48,000 square foot three-
story office building. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in December 2012 and is expected to be completed in fall 2014.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Stephanie
Williams
---
948 California  St. 948californiast
2013 8
In April 2012, the Council approved a 5 unit condominium complex.
Building permits were issued in May 2013 and completion by spring
2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
 " 
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In April of 2012, the City Council approved five ( 5) new detached
residential units on a 13,156 square foot lot. Status/Next Step(s):
Construction is expected to be complete d in summer 2014. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson
---
938 -954 Villa Street 938954villastreet
2017 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurants in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). An
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) is being prepared for the project
pursuant to CEQA Guidelines. This project is located on the north side
of Villa Street between Franklin Street and Bryant Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a
41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of restaurant and
38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing restaurants in
historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). An Environmental Impact
Report ( EIR) is being prepared for the project pursuant to CEQA
Guidelines. This project is located on the north side of Villa Street
between Franklin Street and Bryant Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan. scheduled for June 13, 2017.
2018 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Pe rmit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurants in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). An
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) is being prepare d for the project p
ursuant to CEQA Guidelines. The project is located on the north side
of Villa Street between Franklin Street and Bryant Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurants in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). An
Environmental Impact Report (EIR) is being prepared for the project p
ursuant to CEQA Guidelines. The project is located on the north side
of Villa Street between Franklin Street and Bryant Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurant s in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street between Franklin
Street and Bryant Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurants in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street between Franklin
Street and Bryant Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurants in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street between Franklin
Street and B ryant Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurants in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street between Franklin
Street and Bryant Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 4
 " 
---
902 Villa St.  902villast
2013 8
In July 2012, the Council approved a new 4-story 21,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013 and is expected to
be complete by May 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 9
In Ju ly 2012, the Council approved a n ew 4-story 21,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013 and is expected to
be complete by May 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 10
In July 2012, the Council approved a n ew 4-story 21,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013 and is expected to
be complete by May 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In July 2012, the Council approved a new 4-story 21,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013 and is expected to
be complete by May 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 3
In July 2012, the Council approved a n ew 4-story 21,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013 and is expected to
be complete by May 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 4
In Ju ly 2012, the Council approved a n ew 4-story 21,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013 and is expected to
be complete by May 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 6
In July 2012, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a four-story 21,745 sq. ft.
office building, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one tree,
the removal of the Pearson House from the Historic Register and the
demolition of the Pearson House and accessory buildings on a 11,250
sq. ft. site located on the northwest corner of Vill a Street and
Bryant Street. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. The project is
currently under construction and is expected to be completed by July
2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck
---
870 El Camino Real E . 870elcaminoreale
2013 8
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Archstone
to study a 180 unit apartment complex with 333 apartment units and
6,000 square foot of commercial space. Archstone is being acquired by
Equity Residential. The project is on hold.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Archstone
to study a 180 unit apartment complex with 333 apartment units and
6,000 square foot of commercial space. Archstone is being acquired by
Equity Residential. The project is inactive.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Archstone
to study a 180 unit apartment complex with 333 apartment units and
6,000 square foot of commercial space. Archstone was acquired by
Equity Residential. The project is inactive.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gate keeper request by Archstone
to study a 180 unit apartment complex with 333 apartment units and
6,000 square foot of commercial space. Archstone was acquired by
Equity Residential. The project is inactive.
2014 3
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Archstone
to study a 180 unit apartment complex with 333 apartment units and
6,000 square foot of commercial space. Archstone was acquired by
Equity Residential. The project is inactive. (Grant/Sylvan Planning
Area)
2014 4
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Archstone
to study a 180 unit apartment complex with 333 apartment units and
6,000 square foot of commercial space. Archstone was acquired by
Equity Residential. The project is inactive.
2014 6
In October 2011, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
Archstone to study a 180 unit apartment complex with 333 apartment
units and 6,000 square foot of commercial space. Archstone has since
been acquired by Equity Residential. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive.
Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan Project Planner: Gerry Beaudin
---
86 W. El Camino Real 86welcaminoreal
2017 2
On October 14, 2015, the Zoning Administrator approved an application
by Wonder Years Preschool to build a new 2-story, 4,8 00-square-foot
preschool building on a site adjacent to their current property. The
project would replace an existing 1-story building that currently
houses a car-stereo business.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
2-story, 4,800-square-foot preschool building to replace an existing
one-story building that currently houses a car-stereo business,
adjacent to their current preschool site. The project is located on
the north side of West El Camino Real between Bay Street and Calderon
Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. on October 14, 2015.
Building permit plans are under review.
2018 1
On October 14, 2015 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 4,8
00-square-foot preschool building to replace an existing one-story
building that currently houses a car-stereo business, adjacent to
their current preschool site. The project is located on the north side
of West El Camino Real between Bay Street and Calderon Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On October 14, 2015 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 4,8
00-square-foot preschool building to replace an existing one-story
building that currently houses a car-stereo business, adjacent to
their cur rent preschool site. The project is located on the north
side of West El Camino Real between Bay Street and Calderon Avenue in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 9
On October 14, 2015 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 4,8
00-square-foot preschool building to replace an existing one-story
building that currently houses a car-stereo business, adjacent to
their current preschool site. The project is located on the north side
of West El Camino Real between Bay Street and Calderon Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
---
700 East  Middlefield Road 700eastmiddlefieldroad
2018 11
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
District to a P (Planned Community) district to allow up to 0.86 FAR;
a Planned Community Permit to construct three, six-story office
buildings, two, six-level parking structures (with one-level below
grade) and retain three, two-story office buildings resulting in 1.08
million square feet of office at a 28.7-acre campus to replace two
existing office buildings and surface parking lots; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove approximately 138 Heritage Trees; and a Lot
Line Adjustment to merge three parcels into one parcel. The project is
located on the northeast corner of East Middlefield Road and the
SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited Industrial) district. Council
hearing in November 2018.
2019 2
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from ML (Limited Industrial) District to a P (Planned Community)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, six-story office buildings, two, six-level parking
structures (with one-level below grade) and retain three, two-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square feet of office at a
28.7-acre campus to replace two existing office buildings and surface
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately
138 Heritage Trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels
into one parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of
East Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) distri ct.
2019 4
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from ML (Limited Industrial) District to a P (Planned Community)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, six- story office buildings, two, six- level parking
structures (with one-level below grade) and retain three, two-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square feet of office at a
28.7- acre campus to replace two existing office buildings and surface
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately
138 Heritage Trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels
into one parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of
East Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Li mited
Industrial) district.
2019 6
On November 27, 2018, the City Council appr oved a Zoning Map
Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial) to a P (Planned Communi ty)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, six-story office buildings, two, six-level parking
structures (with one-level below grade) and retain three, two-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square feet of office at a
28.7-acre campus to replace two existing office buildings and surface
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately
138 Heritage Trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels
into one parcel. The project is loca ted on the northeast corner of
East Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) district.
2019 8
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from ML (Limited Industrial) district to a P (Planned Community)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, six-story office buildings, two, six-level parking
structures (with one-level below grade) and retain three, two-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square feet of office at a
28.7-acre campus to replace two existing office buildings and surf ace
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately
138 Heritage trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels
into one parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of
East Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) district.
2019 10
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from ML (Limited Industrial) district to a P (Planned Community)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, six-story office buildings, two, six-level parking
structures (with one-level below grade) and retain three, two-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 m illion square feet of office at a
28.7-acre campus to replace two existing office buildings and surface
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately
138 Heritage trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels
into one parce l. The project is located on the northeast corner of
East Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) district.
2020 3
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from ML (Limited Industrial) district to a P (Planned Community)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, six-story office buildings, two, six-level parking
structures (with one-level below grade) and retain three, two-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 m illion square feet of office at a
28.7-acre campus to replace two existing office buildings and surface
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately
138 Heritage trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels
into one parce l. The project is located on the northeast corner of
East Middlefield Road and the SR- 237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) district.
2020 5
On November 27, 2018, the City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from ML (Limited Industrial) district to a P (Planned Community)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, six-story office buildings, two, six-level parking
structures (with one-level below grade) and ret ain three, two-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square feet of office at a
28.7-acre campus to replace two existing office buildings and surface
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately
138 Heritage trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels
into one parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of
East Middlefield Road and the SR- 237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) district.
2022 2
On November 27, 2018, City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from ML (Limited Industrial) district to a P (Planned Community)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, 6-story office buildings, two, 6-level parking
structures (with one-level below grade) and retain three, 2-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square feet of office at a
28.7-acre campus to replace two existing office buildings and surface
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 138 Heritage
trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels into one
parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of East
Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) district.
2022 4
On November 27, 2018, City Council approved a Zoning Map Amendment
from ML (Limited Industrial) district to a P (Planned Community)
district to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to
construct three, 6-story office buildings, two, 6-level par king
structures (with one-level below grade) and retain three, 2-story
office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square feet of office at a
28.7-acre campus to replace two existing office buildings APPROVED
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS and surface parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 138 Heritage trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to
merge three parcels into one parcel. The project is located on the
northeast corner of East Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road
in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
---
355-415 East Middlefield Road  355415eastmiddlefieldroad
2018 9
Request for a General Plan Amendment, Zoning Map Amendment, and
Planned Community and Development Review Permits to allow up to 448
new attached residential housing units with structured parking and a
new 0.4 acre park to be dedicated to the City, a Vesting Tentative Map
to subdivide the site into up to 12 lots (for condominium purposes) an
d a Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a 6.0-acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the ML (Limited Industrial)
district.
2018 11
Request for a General Plan Amendment, Zoning Map Amendment, and
Planned Community and Development Review Permits to allow up to 451
new attached residential housing units with structured parking and a
new 0.4 acre public park, a Vesting Tentative Map to subdivide the
site into 12 lots (for condominium purposes) and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit on a 6.0-acre project site. The project is located on
the south side of East Middlefield Road between Ellis Street and North
Whisman Road in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 2
Request for a General Plan Amendment, Zoning Map Amendment, Planned
Community and Development Review Permits, and Los Altos School
District Transfer of Development Rights square footage, to construct
up to 458 new attached re sidential housing units with structured
parking and a new 0.4 acre public park, a Vesting Tentative Map to
subdivide the site into 9 lots (for condominium purposes) and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a 6.0-acre project site. The project
is located on th e south side of East Middlefield Road between Ellis
Street and North Whisman Road in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 4
Request for a General Plan Amendment, Zoning Map Amendment, Planned
Community and Development Review Permits, and Los Altos School
District Transfer of Development Rights square footage, to construct
up to 458 new attached residential housing units with structured
parking and a new 0.4 acre pu blic park, a Vesting Tentative Map to
subdivide the site into 9 lots (for condominium purposes) and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit on a 6.0-acre project site. The project
is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between Ellis
Street and North Whisman Road in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 6
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment, a Zoning Map Amendment,
Planned Community and Development Review Permits, and Los Altos School
District (LASD) Transfer of Development Rights square foot age, to
construct up to 464 new residential units with structured parking and
a new 0.4-acre public park, a Vesting Tentative Map to subdivide the
site between ownership and rent al residential uses, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit on a 6.0-acre project site. The project is located
on the south side of East Middlefield Road between Ellis Street an d
North Whisman Road in the ML (Limited Industrial) district. 2019.
2019 8
Request for a General Plan Amendment, Zoning Map Amendment, Planned
Community and Development Review Permits, and Los Altos School
District Transfer of Development Rights square footage, to construct
up to 464 new attached residential housing units with structured
parking and a new 0.4 acre public park, a Vesting Tentative Map to
subdivide the site for attached residential uses and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit on a 6.0-acre project site. The project is locate d on
the south side of East Middlefield Road between Ellis Street and North
Whisman Road in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2019 10
Request for a General Plan Amendment from High Intensity Office to
East Whisman Mixed-Use; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited
Industrial) to the East Whisman Precise Plan; Planned Community
Permit, Development Review Permit, and Los Altos School District
Transfer of Development Rights for additional square footage to
construct two, 7-story multi-family buildings with 460 new housing
units (154 condominiums and 270 apartments) with 3-levels of
structured parking and 36 townhomes with attached garages, and a new
0. 38-acre public park; a Vesting Tentative Map to subdivide the site
for residential uses, a common lot, and new public park; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 21 Heritage trees on a 6.0-acre
project site. The project is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the ML
(Limited Industrial) district. October 2, 2019.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights for 10,000
square feet to construct two, 7- story multi-family buildings with 463
new housing units ( 157 condominiums and 270 apartments) with 3-levels
of structured parking and 36 townhomes with attached garages, a new 0.
38-acre public park, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 18
Heritage trees on a 6.0-acre project site; and a Vesting Tentative Map
to subdivide the site with five residential lots, three common lot s,
and new public park. The project is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the
P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan. project at a public hearing on
February 19, 2020. The City Council Public Hearing is scheduled for
March 17, 2020.
2020 5
On May 5, 2020, the City Coun cil approved a Planned Community Permit,
Development Review Permit, and Los Altos School District Transfer of
Development Rights for 10,000 square feet to construct two, 7-story
multi-family buildings with 463 new housing units (15 7 condominiums
and 270 apartments) with 3-levels of structured parking and 36
townhomes with attached garages, a new 0. 38-acre public park, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Perm it to remove 18 Heritage trees on a
6.0-acre project site; and a Vesting Tentative Map to subdivide the
site with five residential lots, three common lots, and new public
park. The project is located on the south side of East Middlefield
Road between Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 2
On May 5, 2020, City Coun cil approved a Planned Community Permit,
Development Review Permit to construct two, 7-story multi-family
buildings with 463 new housing units (157 condominiums and 270
apartments) with 3-levels of structured parking and 36 townhomes with
attached garages, a 10,000 square f eet of Transfer of Development
Rights from the Los Altos School District TDR Program, a new 0.38-acre
public park; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 18 Heritage
trees on a 6.0-acre project site; and a Vesting Tentative Map to
subdivide the site with five residential lots, three common lots, and
a new public park. The project is located on the south side of East
Middlefield Road between Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the
P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
---
324 Bryant  St. 324bryantst
2013 8
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and co mpletion is
expected by early 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and completion is
expected by early 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 12
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and completion is
expected by early 2014.
2014 1
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and completion is
expected by early 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 2
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Co nstruction began in February 2013 and completion is
expected by early 2014.
2014 3
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and completion is
expected by early 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 4
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and completion is
expected by in spring 2014.
2014 6
In March 2012, the City Council approved s even (7) new residential
condominium units on an 11,250 square foot lot. Status/Next Step(s):
Construction is expected to be complete d in summer 2014. Planning
Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson
---
231-235 Hope Street 231235hopestreet
2019 4
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community permit and
Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On December 10, 2019, the City Council approved a Provisional Use
Permit for a residential development; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing a vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two
Heritage trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lots and a common lot. The project is located on the east
side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 5
On December 10, 2019, the City Council approved a Provisional Use
Permit for a residential development; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing a vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two
Herit age trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lots and a common lot. The project is located on the east
side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 2
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
for a residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project r eplacing a
vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lots and one common lot. The project is located on the
east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana St reet in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 4
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
for a residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project replacing a
vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lots and one common lot. The project is located on the
east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 6
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
for a residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project replacing a
vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lots and one common lot. The project is located on the
east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PROJECTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION
2022 8
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
for a residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Per mit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project replacing a
vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lots and one common lot. The project is located on the eas
t side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan. PROJECTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION
2022 10
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
for a residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project replacing a
vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lots and one common lot. The project is located on the
east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 12
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
for a residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project replacing a
vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lot s and one common lot. The project is located on the
east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2023 2
On December 10, 2019, City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
for a residential use; a Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project replacing a
vacant site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
trees on a 0.26-acre project site; and a Tentative Map for 9
condominium lots and one common lot. The project is located on the
east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
1987 Leghorn St . 1987leghornst
2013 11
In October 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-story 10,800
square-foot office building on a 0.79 acre site. Construction began in
November 2013. (Eric Anderson)
2013 12
In October 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-story 10,800
square-foot office building on a 0.79 acre site. Const ruction began
in November 2013 and completion is expected in May 2014.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In October 2013, the Zoning Administrato r approved a one-story 10,800
square-foot office building on a 0.79 acre site. Construction began in
November 2013 and completion is expected in May 2014.
2014 3
In October 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a one-story 10,800
square-foot office building on a 0.79 acre site. Const ruction began
in November 2013 and completion is expected in May 2014.
2014 4
 " 
2014 6
In March 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 10,800 square
foot office building on a 0.79 acre lot. Status/Next Step(s):
Approved. Construction is expected to be completed in summer 2014.
Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area Project Planner:
Eric Anderson
2014 8
In March 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 10,800 square
foot office building on a 0.79 acre lot, replacing a small commercial
building. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected to
be completed in summer 2014. Planning A rea: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Planning Area Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 10
In March 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 10,800 square
foot office building on a 0.79 acre lot, replacing a small commercial
building. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected to
be completed in summer 2014. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Planning Area Project Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 11
In March 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 10,800 square
foot office building on a 0.79 acre lot, replacing a small commercial
building. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected to
be completed in early 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Planning Area Project Plan ner: Eric Anderson
---
1984 W. El Camino Real  1984welcaminoreal
2015 11
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue.
2015 12
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on t he north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue.
2016 2
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue.
2016 3
 " 
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue. to be
completed by the end of 2016.
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue. to be
completed in early 2017.
2017 4
In November 2013, the City Council approved a 160-unit apartment
project with 4,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees, to replace
the Pacific Inn Motel on a 2.85-acre site, located on the north side
of El Camino Real between Escuela Avenue and Rengstorff Avenue. to be
completed in April/May 2017.
---
1075 Terra Bella  Avenue 1075terrabellaavenue
2015 8
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R& D building
on a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of up to 24 heritage trees. The site currently contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District. Status/Next Step(s): Awaiting revisions. Planning
Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant:
Calvano Development
2015 9
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R&D building on
a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of up to 24 heritage trees. The site currentl y contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District.
2015 10
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R&D building on
a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of up to 24 heritage trees. The site currently contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning Dist rict.
2015 11
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R& D building
on a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for
the removal of up to 24 heritage trees. The site currently contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District.
2015 12
 " 
2016 2
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R&D building on
a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of up to 24 heritage trees. The site currently contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District.
2016 3
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square fo ot R&D building
on a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Perm it for
the removal of up to 24 H eritage trees. The site currently contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District.
2016 4
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R&D building on
a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Perm it for the
removal of up to 24 H eritage trees. The site currently contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District.
2016 6
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R&D building on
a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Perm it for the
removal of up to 24 H eritage trees. The site currently contains
several smal l residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District.
2016 8
In April 2015, Calvano Development submitted a request for a
Development Review Permit for a new 13,046 square foot R&D building on
a 37,312 square foot site, and a Heritage Tree Removal Perm it for the
removal of up to 24 H eritage trees. The site currently contains
several small residential structures in the MM (General Industrial)
Zoning District.
---
R3 (Multiple -Family Residential) Zoning Code Update r3multiplefamilyresidentialzoningcodeupdate
2020 3
On November 12, 2019, the City Council approved a scope of work to
update the R 3 (Multiple-Fami ly Residential) Zoning District
development standards. The project is anticipated to take 18 months
and include public outreach, anti-displacement evaluation, creation of
form-based code development standards, a design handbook, and
environmental review. Fall 2020.
2020 5
 " 
2022 2
Update of the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) zoning district
standards to consider incorporating form-based development standards.
The project will include public outreach, an anti-displacement
evaluation, creation of form-based development standards, a design
handbook, environmental review, public outreach, and Study S essions
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council. LONG-
RANGE /POLICY PROJECTS
2022 4
Update of the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) zoning district
standards to consider incorporating form-based development standards.
The project will include public outreach, an anti-displacement
evaluation, creation of form-based development standards, a design
handbook, environmental review, public outreach, and Study S essions
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council.
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
Update of the R3 (Multiple-Family Residen tial) zoning district
standards to consider incorporating form-based development standards.
The project will include public outreach, an anti-displacement
evaluation, creation of form-based development standards, a design
handbook, environmental review, public outreach, and Study S essions
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council.
2023 2
Update of the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) zoning district
standards to consider incorporating form-based development standards.
The project will include public outreach, an anti-displacement
evaluation, creation of form-based development standards, a design
handbook, environmental review, public outreach, and Study S essions
with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council.
---
851-853 Sierra Vista Avenue 851853sierravistaavenue
2020 3
On January 28, 2020, the City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Special
Design) and MM (General Industrial) districts to the R3 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing single-family homes
and an industrial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Pa rcel Map to create nine individual
lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra Vista
Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM- 40 (Multiple-Family Special Design/General
Industrial) distri cts.
2020 5
On January 28, 2020, the City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Special
Design) and MM (General Industrial) districts to the R3 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing si ngle-family
homes and an industrial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 6 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Parcel Map to create nine
individual lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This
project is located on the northeast cor ner of Colony Street and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM- 40 (Multiple-Family Special
Design/General Industrial) districts.
2022 2
On January 28, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Spec ial
Design) and MM (General Industrial) districts to the R3 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing single-family homes
and an industrial building; a Heritage Tree Remo val Permit to remove
6 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Parcel Map to create nine individual
lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra Vista
Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM- 40 (M ultiple-Family Special Design/General
Industrial) districts.
2022 4
On January 28, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Special
Design) and MM (General Industrial) districts to the R3 (Mul tiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing single-family homes
and an industrial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 6
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Parcel Ma p to create nine individual
lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra Vista
Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM- 40 (Multiple-Family Special Design/General
Industrial) districts.
2022 6
On January 28, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Special
Design) and MM (General Industrial) districts to the R3 (Mul tiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing single- family
homes and an industrial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 6 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Parcel Ma p to create nine
individual lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This
project is located on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra
Vista Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM-40 (Multiple-Family Special
Design/General Industrial) districts.
2022 8
On January 28, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Special
Design) and MM (General Industrial) districts to the R3 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing single- family
homes and an industrial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 6 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Parcel Map to create nine
individual lots and one common lo t on a 0.56-acre project site. This
project is located on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra
Vista Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM-40 (Multiple-Family Special
Design/General Industrial) districts.
2022 10
On January 28, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Special
Design) and MM (General Industrial) districts to the R3 (Mul tiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing single- family
homes and an industrial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 6 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Parcel Ma p to create nine
individual lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This
project is located on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra
Vista Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM-40 (Multiple-Family Special
Design/General Industrial) districts.
2022 12
On January 28, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Special
Design) and MM (General Industrial) district s to the R3 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing single- family
homes and an industrial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 6 Heritage trees; and a Ten tative Parcel Map to create nine
individual lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This
project is located on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra
Vista Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM-40 (Multiple-Family Special
Design/General Industrial) districts.
2023 2
On January 28, 2020, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to Medium-Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential Special
Design) and MM (General Industrial) districts to the R3 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to
construct nine rowhouses to replace three existing single- family
homes and an industri al building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 6 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Parcel Map to create nine
individual lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This
project is located on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra
Vi sta Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM-40 (Multiple-Family Special
Design/General Industrial) districts.
---
830 Leong Dr. 830leongdr
2016 2
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to construct new hydrogen fueling
station tank, enclosure and site improvements at an existing gas
station, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 5 Heritage
Trees.
2016 3
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to construct new hydrogen fueling
station tank, enclosure and site improvements at an existing gas
station, and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 5 Heritage t
rees.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to construct new hydrogen fueling
station tank, enclosure and site improvements at an existing gas
station, and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove six Heritage t
rees. public hearing on May 25, 2016.
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to construct new hydrogen fueling
station tank, enclosure and site improvements at an existing gas
station, and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove six Heritage t
rees. public hearing on May 25, 2016. Building permit plan s are under
review.
2017 2
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to construct new hydrogen fueling
station tank, enclosure and site improvements at an existing gas
station, and a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove six Heritage t
rees. public hearing on May 25, 2016. Under construction.
2017 4
 " 
2018 1
On May 25, 2016 the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional Use
Permit to construct a hydrogen fueling station. The project is located
on the northeast corner of Moffett Boulevard and Leong Drive in the
P-32 (Evandale) Precise Plan.
---
790 E El Camino Real 790eelcaminoreal
2016 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to reconstruct the existing gas
station and car wash and to add a new 2,940 sf convenience store, and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove up to 5 Heritage Trees.
2016 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit to reconstruct the existing gas
station and car wash and to add a new 2,940 s quare foot convenience
store, and a Heritage Tree Removal Per mit to remove up to 5 Heritage
t rees. scheduled for March 9, 2016.
2016 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to reconstruct the existing gas
station and car wash and to add a new 2,940 square foot convenience
store, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove up to 5 Heritage
trees. at a hearing on March 9, 2016.
2016 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to reconstruct the existing gas
station and car wash and to add a new 2,940 square foot convenience
store, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove up to 5 Heritage
trees. at a hearing on Mar ch 9, 2016. Building permit plans are under
review.
2016 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to reconstruct the existing gas
station and car wash and to add a new 2,940 square foot convenience
store, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove up to 5 Heritage
trees. at a hearing on March 9, 2016. Building permit plans are under
review.
2016 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit to reconstruct the existing gas
station and car wash and to add a new 2,940 square foot convenience
store, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove up to 5 Heritage
trees.
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to reconstruct the existing gas
station and car wash and to add a new 2,940 square foot convenience
store, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove up to five
Heritage trees.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Planned Community Permit and Provisional Use Permit to construct a new
car wash, a new 2,938 square foot convenience store, and 8 fueling
stalls to replace an existing 12-stall gas station, car wash and
convenience market, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 5
Heritage trees on a 0.6-acre project site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of East El Camino Real and Sylvan Avenue in the
P- 38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
690 E . Middlefield R d. 690emiddlefieldrd
2013 8
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 square feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Realty purchased the
property and began construction August 2012 and c ompletion of the
building shell is expected by fall 2013. (Moffett/Whis man Planning
Area)
2013 9
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 square feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Realty purchased the
property and began construction August 2012 and c ompletion of the
building shell is expected by fall 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning
Area)
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 square feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Realty purchased the
property and began construction August 2012 and c ompletion of the
building shell is expected by in December 2013. (Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area)
2014 1
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 square feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Realty purchased the
property and began construction August 2012 and completion of the
building shell is expected by in January 2014. (Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area)
2014 2
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 square feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Realty purc hased the
property and began construction August 2012 and completion of the
building shell is expected by in February 2014. (Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area)
2014 3
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 square feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Realty purchased the
property and began construction August 2012 and construction of the
building shell is complete. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 4
 " 
---
570 South Rengstorff  Avenue 570southrengstorffavenue
2020 3
Request for a P lanned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct 85 rowhouses to replace 70 existing apartment
units on a 4.07-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 29 Heritage trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map for condominium
purposes for 85 rowhome units and one common lot. This project is
located on the northwest corner of Latham Street and South Rengstorff
Avenue in the R3-1.25 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2020 5
Request for a P lanned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct 85 rowhouses to replace 70 existing apartment
units on a 4.07-acre project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 29 Heritage trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map for condominium
purposes for 85 rowhome uni ts and one common lot. This project is
located on the northwest corner of Latham Street and South Rengstorff
Avenue in the R3-1.25 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 2
On September 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 85
rowhouses, replac ing 70 existing apartment units, on a 4.07-acre
project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create eleven lots and seven
common lots on 4.07-acre site. The project is located on the northwest
corner of Latham Street and South Rengstorff Avenue in the R3-1.25
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
On September 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 85
rowhouses, replac ing 70 existing apartment units, on a 4.07-acre
project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees; and a Vesting T entative Map to create eleven lots and seven
common lots on 4.07-acre site. The project is located on the northwest
corner of Latham Street and South Rengstorff Avenue in the R3-1.25
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 6
On September 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 85
rowhouses, replac ing 70 existing apartment units, on a 4.07-acre
project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create eleven lo ts and seven
common lots on 4.07-acre site. Th e project is located on the
northwest corner of Latham Street and South Rengstorff Avenue in the
R3-1.25 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2022 8
On September 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 85
rowhouses, replac ing 70 existing apartment units, on a 4.07-acre
project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create eleven lots and seven
common lots on 4.07-acre site. Th e project is located on the
northwest corner of Latham Street and South Rengstorff Avenue in the
R3-1.25 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2022 10
On September 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 85
rowhouses, replac ing 70 existing apartment units, on a 4.07-acre
project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create eleven lots and seven
common lots on 4.07-acre site. Th e project is located on the northw
est corner of Latham Street and South Rengstorff Avenue in the R3-1.25
(Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2022 12
On September 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 85
rowhouses, replac ing 70 existing apartment units, on a 4.07-acre
project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees; and a Vesting Tentative Map to create eleven lots and seven
common lots on 4.07-acre site. Th e project is located on the
northwest corner of Latham Street and South Rengstorff Avenue in the
R3-1.25 (Multiple- Family Residential) district.
2023 2
On September 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 85
rowhouses, replac ing 70 existing apartment units, on a 4.07-acre
project site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 29 Heritage
trees; and a Vesting APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS Tentative Map to
create eleven lots and seven common lots on 4.07-acre site. Th e
project i s located on the northwest corner of Latham Street and South
Rengstorff Avenue in the R3-1.25 (Multiple- Family Residential)
district.
---
400 San Antonio Road 400sanantonioroad
2018 9
On September 27, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two five-
story and one seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; an d a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine
five existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7 acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2018 11
On September 27, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two five-
story and one seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7 acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2019 2
On September 27, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two five-
story and one seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; an d a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine
five existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7 acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2019 4
On September 27, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11,171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two five-
story and one seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus with development waivers allow
ing up to a 2.5 floor area ratio; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine five
existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7 acre project site. The
project is located on the west side of San Antonio Roa d between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2019 6
On September 27, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment
units and 11,171 square feet of ground-floor commercial space in two
five-s tory and one seven-story buildings with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State Density Bonus allowing up to a 2.5 FAR; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Prelim
inary Parcel Map to combine five existing parcels into two parcels on
a 5.7-acre project si te. The project is located on the west side of
San Antonio Road between Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40
(San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On September 27, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two, five-
story and one, seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus; a Heritage Tree Remo val Permit
to remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine
five existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2019 10
On September 27, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two, five-
story and one, seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to combine
five existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive a nd Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2020 3
On September 27, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two, five-
story and one, seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parc el Map to combine
five existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2020 5
On September 27, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct 583 apartment units
and 11, 171 square feet of ground floor commercial space in two, five-
story and one, seven-story building s with underground parking to
replace seven existing retail, office, and industrial buildings,
including a 35% State D ensity Bonus; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 59 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parce l Map to combine
five existing parcels into two parcel s on a 5.7-acre project site.
The project is located on the west side of San Antonio Road between
Fayette Drive and Miller Avenue in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
---
331 Fairchild Dr.  331fairchilddr
2013 8
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 square feet office buil ding
for Equity Office Partners. Kilroy Realty purchased the property and
began construction in December 2013 and c ompletion is expected by
fall 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 9
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 sq uare feet office building
for Equity Office Partners. Kilroy Realty purchased the property and
began construction in December 2013 and c ompletion is expected by
fall 2013.
2013 10
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 square feet office buil ding
for Equity Office Partners. Kilroy Realty purchased the property and
began construction in December 2013 and c ompletion is expected by
fall 2013.
2013 11
 " 
2013 12
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 sq uare feet office buil
ding. Construction began in December 201 2 and c ompletion is expected
in December 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 1
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 square feet office building.
Construction began in December 201 2 and completion is expected in
January 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 2
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 squa re feet office building.
Construction began in December 2012 and completion is expected in
March 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 3
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 square feet office building.
Construction began in December 201 2 and completion is expected in
March 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 4
 " 
---
2580 & 2590 Californi a Street/201 San Antonio Circle 25802590californiastreet201sanantoniocircle
2018 9
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Deve lopment Review Permit to construct a 1.85
FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units and approximately
20,000 square feet of commercial space with below- grade parking to
replace an existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000
square feet of existing retail, a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two
lots into one lot, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78
Heritage trees on an 8.63-acre project site. These properties comprise
the North of California Street Master Plan Area and are loca ted on
the north side of California Street between San Antonio Road and
Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2018 11
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85
FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units and approximately
20,000 square feet of commercial space with below- grade parking to
replace an existing 70,000 sq uare foot office building and 53,000
square feet of existing retail, a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two
lots into one lot, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78
Heritage trees on an 8.63-acre project site. These properties comprise
the North of California Street Master Plan Area and are located on the
north side of California Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti
Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 2
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85
FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units and approximately
20,000 square feet of commercial space with below- grade parking to
replace an existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 s
quare feet of existing retail, a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots
into one lot, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage
trees on an 8.63-acre project site. These properties comprise the
North of California Street Master Plan Area and are located on the
north side of California Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti
Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 4
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85
FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units and approximately
20,000 square feet of commercial s pace with below- grade parking to
replace an existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000
square feet of existing retail, a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two
lots into one lot, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78
Heritage trees on an 8. 63-acre project site. These properties
comprise the North of California Street Master Plan Area and are
located on the north side of California Street between San Antonio
Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, a Planned
Community Permit, and a Development Review Permit to construc t a 1.85
FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units and approximately
20,000 squ are feet of commercial space with below- grade parking to
replace an existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000
square feet of existing retail, a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two
lots into one lot, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78
Heritage trees on an 8.63-acre project site. These properties comprise
the North of California Str eet Master Plan Area and are located on
the north side of California Street between San Antonio Road and
Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85
FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square
feet of commercial space with below-grade parking to replace an
existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 s quare feet of
existing retail; a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one lot;
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees on an
8.63-acre project site. These properties comprise the North of
California Street Master Plan Area a nd are located on the north side
of California Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the
P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85
FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square
feet of commercial space with below-grade parking to replace an
existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square feet of
existing retail; a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one lot;
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees on an
8.63-acre project site. These properties comprise the North of
California Street Master Plan Area and are located o n the north side
of California Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the
P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85
FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square
feet of commercial space with below-grade parking to replace an
existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square f eet of
existing retail; a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one lot;
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees on an
8.63-acre project site. These properties comprise the North of
California Street Master Plan Area and are lo cated on the north side
of California Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the
P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
---
235 Hope St. 235hopest
2013 9
In August 2013, Hope Street Investors applied for a 4-story, 7 unit
condominium project on a 0.25 acre site. Final Council action is
expected in fall 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 10
In August 2013, Hope Street Investors applied for a 4- story, 7 unit
condominium project on a 0.25 acre site. Final Council action is
expected in fall 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 11
In August 2013, Hope Street Investors applied for a 4- story, 7 unit
condominium project on a 0.25 acre site. The developer is now
considering an office building. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In August 2013, Hope Street Investors a pplied for a 4-story, 7 unit
condominium project on a 0.25 acre site. The developer is now
considering an office building. (Central Neighborhoods Planni ng Area)
2014 3
In August 2013, Hope Street Investors applied for a 4- story, 7 unit
condominium project on a 0.25 acre site. The developer is now
considering an office building. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 4
In August 2013, Hope Street Investors applied for a 4-story, 7 unit
condominium project on a 0.25 acre site. The developer is now
considering an office building. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 6
In August 2013, Hope Street Investors informally applied for a
4-story, 7-unit condominium project on a 0.25 acre site. Status/Next
Step(s): Informal application. The developer expects to submit a
formal application by July 2014. Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods
Project Planner: Nancy Minicucci
---
2060 Plymouth Ave. 2060plymouthave
2013 8
In April 2012, Council approved a 14 unit rowhouse development for
Classic Communities on a 0.8 acre parcel. Construction started in
April 2013 and is expected to be completed by May 2014.
2013 9
 " 
2013 10
 " 
2013 11
In April 2012, Council approved a 14 unit rowhouse development for
Classic Communities on a 0.8 acre parcel. Construction started in
April 2013 and is expected to be completed by May 2014. (Scott
Plambaeck)
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
In April 2012, Council approved a 14 unit rowhouse development for
Classic Communities on a 0.8 acre parcel. Construction started in
April 2013 and is expected to be completed by May 2014.
2014 2
In April 2012, Council approved a 14 unit rowhouse development for
Classic Communities on a 0.8 acre parcel. Co nstruction started in
April 2013 and is expected to be completed by May 2014.
2014 3
In April 2012, Council approved a 14 unit rowhouse development for
Classic Communities on a 0.8 acre parcel. Construction started in
April 2013 and is expected to be completed by May 2014.
2014 4
 " 
---
1696 – 1758 Villa Street 16961758villastreet
2017 2
Informal review of a General Plan Amendment from Medium Density
Residential and Low Density Residential to High Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan
Amendment to the Villa- Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development Review
Permit to construct a 240-unit apartment complex over one level of
underground parking to replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3
single family homes, a Heritage Tree Remova l permit to remove 26
Heritage t rees. This property is located on the no rth side of Villa
Street at Chiquita Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan,
the R1 (Single Family) district and the R3-2 (Multiple Family)
district. Study Session was held March 1, 2017. A City Council Study
Session is scheduled for March 21, 2017.
2017 4
Informal review of a General Plan Amendment from Medium Density
Residential and Low Density Residential to High Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan
Amendment to the Villa- Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development Review
Permit to construct a 240-unit apartment complex over one level of
underground parking to replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3
single family homes, a Heritage Tree Remova l permit to remove 26
Heritage t rees. This property is located on the no rth side of Villa
Street at Chiquita Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan,
the R1 (Single Family) district and the R3-2 (Multiple Family)
district. application March 4, 2017. The applicant is preparing a
formal application.
2018 1
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
and Low- Density Residential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development R eview Permit to construct
a 226-unit apartment complex over two level s of undergr ound parking
to replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single family homes, a
Heritage Tree Remova l permit to remove 26 Heritage t rees. The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Maripos a) Precise Pla n, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and th e R3- 2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district. the informal application on March 4, 2017 and a
nother City Council study session was held on December 5, 2017.
2018 3
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
and Low- Density Residential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development R eview Permit to construct
a 226-unit apartment complex over two level s of underground parking
to replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single family homes, a
Heritage Tree Remova l permit to remove 26 Heritage t rees. The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Maripos a) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and th e R3- 2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 5
Reques t for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
and Low- Density Residential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development R eview Permit to construct
a 226-unit apartment complex over two level s of underground parking
to replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single family homes, a
Heritage Tree Remova l permit to remove 26 Heritage t rees. The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Maripos a) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and th e R3- 2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 7
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
and Low- Density Residential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development R eview Permit to construct
a 226-unit apartment complex over two level s of undergr ound parking
to replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single family homes, a
Heritage Tree Remova l permit to remove 26 Heritage t rees. The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita
Avenue in the P-17 (Villa-Maripos a) Precise Pla n, the R1 (Single-
Family Residential) district and th e R3- 2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 9
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
and Low- Density Residential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development Review Permit to c onstruct
a 226-unit apartment complex over two levels of underground parking to
replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single family homes, a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 26 Heritage trees. The project
is located on the north side of Villa St reet at Chiquita Avenue in
the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single- Family
Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2018 11
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
and Low- Density Residential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mariposa Precise Plan, a Development Review Permit to c onstruct
a 226-unit apartment complex over two levels of underground parking to
replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single family homes, and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 26 Heritage trees. The project
is located on the north side of Vill a Street at Chiquita Avenue in
the P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single- Family
Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 2
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
and Low- Density Residential to High Density Residential, a Zoning Map
Amendment from R3-2 and R1 to P-17, a Precise Plan Amendment to the
Villa-Mari posa Precise Plan, a Development Review Permit to construct
a 226-unit apartment complex over two levels of underground parking to
replace a 16-unit apartment building and 3 single family homes, and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 26 Heritage tree s. The project
is located on the north side of Villa Street at Chiquita Avenue in the
P-17 (Villa-Mariposa) Precise Plan, the R1 (Single- Family
Residential) district and the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
---
1045 -1085 La Avenida  10451085laavenida
2018 5
On February 8, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two story main office building and a new four-
level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000
square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2018 7
On February 8, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two story main office building and a new four-
level p arking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000
square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2018 9
On February 8, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two story main office building and a new four-
level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000
square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2018 11
On February 8, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two s tory main office building and a new four-
level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000
square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2019 2
On February 8, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two story main office building and a new four-
level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 85 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000
square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Pre cise
Plan.
2019 8
On February 8, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two-story office building and a new four- level
parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remov e 85
Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet
added to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
---
North Bayshore Development Impact Fee  northbayshoredevelopmentimpactfee
2015 8
On June 16, 2015, the City Council authorized a contract with Economic
Planning Systems, Inc. to develop a North Bayshore Development Impact
Fee. This fee is expected to be considered for adoption by the City
Council in fall, 2015. Project Planner: Martin Alkire
2015 9
On June 16, 2015, the City Council authorized a contract with Economic
Planning Systems, Inc. to develop a North Bayshore Development Impact
Fee. This fee is expected to be considered for adoption by the City
Council in fall, 2015.
2015 10
On June 16, 2015, the City Council authorized a contract with Economic
Planning Systems, Inc. to develop a North Bayshore Development Impact
Fee. This fee is expected to be considered for adoption by the City
Council in early 2016.
2015 11
 " 
2015 12
On June 16, 2015, the City Council authorized a con tract with
Economic Planning Systems, Inc. to develop a North Bayshore
Development Impact Fee. This fee is expected to be considered for
adoption by the City Council in early 2016.
2016 2
On June 16, 2015, the City Council authorized a contract with Economic
Plan ning Systems, Inc. to develop a North Bayshore Development Impact
Fee. This fee is expected to be considered for adoption by the City
Council on February 23, 2016.
2016 3
On February 23, 2016, the City Council adopt ed a new development
impact fee for North Bayshore. This fee will go into effect April 23,
2016. For further information visit the City’s webs ite.
2016 4
On February 23, 2016, the City Council adopt ed a new development
impact fee for North Bayshore. This fee will go into effect April 23,
2016. For further information visit the City’s website.
---
858 Sierra Vista Avenue  858sierravistaavenue
2018 11
On November 12, 2014 the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, Developme nt Review Permit, and Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow four small-lot, single-family home s to
replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site. The project is
located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street
and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district.
2019 2
On November 12, 2014 the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, Developme nt Review Permit, and Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow four small-lot, single-family homes to replace
an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and
Plymouth Stre et in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 4
On November 12, 2014 the City Council approved a request for a Planned
Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to allow four small-lot, single-family homes to replace
an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and
Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 6
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a Planned Unit
Development Permit, a Development Review Permit, and a Heritage Tr ee
Removal Permit to allow four small-lot, single-family homes to replace
an existing ho me on a 0.52-acre project site. The project is located
on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and
Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 8
On November 12, 2014, the City Council approved a request for a
Planned Unit Development Permit, Developme nt Review Permit, and
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to construct four small-lot, single-
family homes to replace an existing single-family home, on a 0.52-acre
project site. The project is located on the west side of Sierra Vista
Avenue between Colony Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
 " 
2020 5
 " 
---
601 Escuela Avenue and 1873 Latham Street 601escuelaavenueand1873lathamstreet
2020 5
Request for a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Density Residential
to Mixed-Use Corridor; a Rezoning from the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family)
Zoning District to the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan; and a
Planned Com munity and Development Review Permits to construct a
3-story, mixed-use project consisting of 2,700 square feet of ground-
floor commercial uses and 25 residential apartment units, replacing an
existing 6,075 square-foot commercial building and a single-family
residence, on a 0.45-acre site. This project is located on the
southeasterly corner of Escuela Avenue and Latham Street in the P-38
(El Camino Real) Precise Plan and the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family) Zoning
District. Approved Development Projects
2022 2
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to Mixed- Use Corridor; a Zoning Map Amendment from the
R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family) district to the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise
Plan; a n Amendment to the El Camino Real Precise Plan; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story,
mixed- use project consisting of 25 residential apartment units, 2,700
square feet of ground-floor
2022 4
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Medium-Density
Residential to Mixed- Use Corridor; a Zoning Map Amendment from the
R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family) district to the P-38 (El Camino Real) Prec
ise Plan; an Amendment to the El Camino Real Precise Plan; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story,
mixed- use project consisting of 25 residential apartment units, 2,700
square feet of ground-floor commercial uses, a nd one-level of
underground parking replacing an existing 6,075 square- foot
commercial building and a single-family residence; a Provisional Use
Permit for rooftop amenities; and a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two
lots into one 0.45-acre project site. Th is project is located on the
southeast corner of Escuela Avenue and Latham Street in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan and the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Project is subject SB 330.
2022 6
On February 8, 2022, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use Corridor; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family) district to the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan; an Amendment to the El Camino Real
Precise Plan; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 3-story, mixed-use project consisting of 25 residential
apartment units, 2,700 square feet of ground-floor commerci al uses,
and one-level of underground parking replacing an existing 6,075
square-foot commercial building and a single-family residence; a
Provisional Use Permit for rooftop amenities; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to combine two lots into one 0.45-acre projec t site. This
project is located on the southeast corner of Escuela Avenue and
Latham Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan and the R3-2.5
(Multiple-Family Residential) district. Project is subject SB 330.
2022 8
On February 8, 2022, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use Corridor; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family) APPROVED
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS district to the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise
Plan; a n Amendment to the El Camino Real Precise Plan; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story,
mixed-use project consisting of 25 residential apartment units, 2,700
square feet of ground-floor commercial uses, and one-level of
underground parking replacing an existing 6,075 square-foot commercial
building and a single-family residence; a Provisional Use Permit for
rooftop amenities; and a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two lots into
one 0.45-acre project site. This project is located on the southeast
corner of Escuela Avenue and Latham Street in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan and the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Project is subject SB 330.
2022 10
On February 8, 2022, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use Corridor; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family) district to the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan; an Amendment to the El Camino Real
Precise Plan; a Planned Com munity Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 3-story, mixed-use project consisting of 25
residential apartment units, 2,700 square feet of ground-floor
commercial uses, and one-level of underground parking replacing an
existing 6,075 square-foot commercial building and a single-family
residence; a Provisional Use Permit for rooftop amenities; and a Lot
Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one 0.45-acre project site.
This project is located on the APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS southeast
corner of Escuela Avenue and Latham Street in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan and the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district. Project is subject SB 330.
2022 12
On February 8, 2022, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use Corridor; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family) district to the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan; an Amendment to the El Camino Real
Precise Plan; a Planned Com munity Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 3-story, mixed-use project consisting of 25
residential apartment units, 2,700 square feet of ground-floor
commercial uses, and one-level of underground parking replacing an
existing 6,075 square-foot commercial building and a single-family
residence; a Provisional Use Permit for rooftop amenities; and a Lot
Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one 0.45-acre project site.
This project is located on the southeast corner of Escuela Avenue and
Lath am Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan and the
R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. Project is subject SB
330.
2023 2
On February 8, 2022, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from Medium-Density Residential to Mixed-Use Corridor; a
Zoning Map Amendment from the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family) district to the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan; an Amendment to the El Camino Real
Precise Plan; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 3-story, mixed-use project consisting of 25 residential
a partment units, 2,700 square feet of ground-floor commercial uses,
and one-level of underground parking replacing an existing 6,075
square-foot commercial building and a single-family residence; a
Provisional Use Permit for rooftop amenities; and a Lot Lin e
Adjustment to combine two lots into one 0.45-acre project site. This
project is located on the southeast corner of Escuela Avenue and
Latham Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan and the R3-2.5
(Multiple-Family Residential) district. Project i s subject SB 330.
---
525 East Evelyn Avenue 525eastevelynavenue
2013 5
In September 2012, Council approved a 70- unit attached rowhouse
project for Shea Homes adjacent to the completed Mondrian project. The
second phase is integrated with the neighboring Mondrian rowhouse
project. Building permits have not been submitted.
2013 6
In September 2012, Council approved a 70-unit attached rowhouse
project for Shea Homes adjacent to the completed Mo ndrian project.
The second phase is integrated with the neighboring Mondrian rowhouse
project. Building permits have not been submitted. (Scott Plambaeck)
CITY-WIDE PROJECTS
2013 7
In September 2012, Council approved a 70- unit attached rowhouse
project adjacent to the completed Mondrian project. The second phase
is integrated with the neighboring Mondrian rowhouse project. Building
permits have not been submitted.
2022 2
On April 30, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
General Industrial and Medium Density Residential to High Density
Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise
Plan and R3.2-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district to the R-4
(High-Density Residential) district; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct 47 1 new apartment units with
underground parking and a new 0.68-acre public park; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13 Heritage trees on a
5.89-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
East Evelyn Avenue between Moo rpark Way and South Bernardo Avenue in
the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
On April 30, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
General Industrial and Medium Density Residential to High Density
Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise
Plan and R3.2-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district to the R-4
(High-Density Residential) district; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment units with
underground parking and a new 0.68-acre public park; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13 Heritage trees on a
5.89-acre project site. T he project is located on the south side of
East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark Way and South Bernardo Avenue in
the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
On April 30, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
General Industrial and Medium Density Residential to High Density
Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise
Plan and R3.2-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district to the R-4
(High-Density Residential) district; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment units with
underground parking and a new 0.68-acre public park; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13 Heritage trees on a
5.89-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
East Evelyn Ave nue between Moorpark Way and South Bernardo Avenue in
the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2022 10
On April 30, 2019, City Council approved a General Plan Amendment from
General Industrial and Medium Density Residential to High Density
Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise
Plan and R3.2-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district to the R-4
(High-Density Residential) district; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct 471 new apartment units with
underground parking and a new 0.68-acre public park; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 13 Heritage trees on a
5.89-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
East Evelyn Avenue between Moorpark Way and South Berna rdo Avenue in
the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
---
1968 Hackett Avenue & 208 -210 Sierra Vista Avenue 1968hackettavenue208210sierravistaavenue
2015 1
In December 2014, Dividend Homes submitted a formal application to
construction a 24-unit rowhouse project to replace 21 existing
apartment units and a request to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 1.60
acre project site. Status/Next Step (s): Under review. Planning Area:
Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro
Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2017 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to allow construction of a 24-unit rowhouse project to replace 21
existing apartment units and a request to remove 8 Heritage trees on a
1.60 acre project site in the R 3-2.2 (Multiple-Family) d istrict.
2017 4
 " 
2017 6
Planned Unit Development, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map
for a new 24-unit rowhouse development to replace 21 existing
apartment units on a 1.60 acre project site. The project is located on
the northeast corner of Sierra Vista Street and Hackett Avenue in the
R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 1
On July 7, 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development,
Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 24-unit
rowhouse development to replace 21 existing apartment units on a 1.60
acre project site. The project is located on the northeast corner of
Sierra Vista Street and Hackett Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residenti al) district.
2018 3
On July 7, 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development,
Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 24-unit
rowhouse development to replace 21 existing apartment units on a 1.60
acre project site. The project is located on the nort heast corner of
Sierra Vista Street and Hackett Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 5
On July 7, 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development,
Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 24-unit
rowhouse development to replace 21 existing apartment units on a 1.60
acre project site. The project is located on the northeast corner of
Sierra Vista Street and Hackett Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 7
 " 
---
1740  W. El Camino Real  1740welcaminoreal
2015 11
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. expected to b e completed in spring, 2016.
2015 12
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. expected to b e completed in spring 2016.
2016 2
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. expec ted to b e completed in summer 2016.
2016 3
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. expected to b e completed in summer 2016.
2016 4
 " 
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
In August 2013, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a new four story, 22,000 square foot hotel building with 32
rooms on a 0.38-acre site. expected to b e completed in fall 2016.
---
1720 W. El Camino Real  1720welcaminoreal
2015 11
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heri tage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue. expected to be completed Sprin g of 2016.
2015 12
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 herit age
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue. expe cted to be completed spring of 2016.
2016 2
In Marc h 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue. expected to be completed spring of 2016.
2016 3
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 Heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue. expected to be completed spring of 2016.
2016 4
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 Heritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue. expected to be completed summer of 2016.
2016 6
 " 
2016 8
 " 
2016 10
In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
CRA (Commercial/Retail Arterial) to P (Planned Community), a Planned
Community Permit to construct up to a 162-unit residential apartment
building in two four-story buildings and the removal of 11 H eritage
trees to replace the Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store on a
2.51-acre site, on the north side of El Camino Real, between Mariposa
Avenue and Escuela Avenue. expected to be completed fall of 2016.
---
1616  W. El Camino Real  1616welcaminoreal
2015 11
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replac e two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue is expected to be completed in summer 2016.
2015 12
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue is expected to be completed in summer 2016.
2016 2
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to const ruct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit for the removal of two heritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest cor ner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue is expected to be completed in summer 2016.
2016 3
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to co nstruct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Perm it for the removal of two H eritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue is expected to be completed in summer 2016.
2016 4
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Perm it for the removal of two H eritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwes t corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue is expected to be completed in summer 2016.
2016 6
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Perm it for the removal of two H eritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwes t corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue. On April 27, 2016, the Zoning Administr ator
approved the removal of a Heritage tree due to construction impacts on
the tree. Summer 2016.
2016 8
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Perm it for the removal of two H eritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwes t corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue. On April 27, 2016, the Zoning Administr ator
approved the removal of a Heritage tree due to construction impacts on
the tree. summer 2016.
2016 10
In March 2014, the City Council approved a r equest for a Rezone from
the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial) district to the P (Planned
Community) district, a Planned Community Permit to construct a 66
unit, 4-story apartment building to replace two existing retail
buildings totaling approximately 6,100 square feet, and a Heritag e
Tree Removal Perm it for the removal of two H eritage trees on a 0.99
acre project site, located on the northwest corner of El Camino Real
and Mariposa Avenue. On April 27, 2016, the Zoning Administr ator
approved the removal of a Heritage tree due to construction impacts on
the tree. fall 2016.
---
1313 and 1347 W.  El Camino Real 1313and1347welcaminoreal
2017 2
Request for a Planne d Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit with a 32.5% density bonus, under State Density Bonus Law, to
construct a four-story, 24-unit apartment complex abov e ground floor
commercial with two tenant spaces and two levels of underground
parking on a.45 acre lot. The project site is located on the southwest
corner of West El Camino Real and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2017 4
Request for a Planne d Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit with a 32.5% density bonus, under State Density Bonus Law, to
construct a four-story, 24-unit apartment complex above ground floor
commercial with two tenant spaces and two levels of underground park
ing on a.45 acre lot. The project site is located on the southwest
corner of West El Camino Real and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2017 6
Request for a Planne d Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, with a 32.5% State Density Bonus, to construct a four-story,
mixed-use project with 24 apartment units a bove ground floor
commercial space and two levels of underground parking on a 0.45 acre
project site. The project is located on the southwest corner of West
El Camino Real and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2018 1
 " 
2018 3
Request for a Planne d Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, with a 32.5% State Density Bonus, to construct a four-story,
mixed-use project with 24 apartment units a bove ground floor
commercial space and two levels of underground parking on a 0.45 acre
project site. The proj ect is located on the southwest corner of West
El Camino Real and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2018 5
Request for a Planne d Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, with a 35% State Density Bonus, to construct a four-story,
mixed-use project with 24 apartment units a bove ground floor
commercial space and two levels of underground parking on a 0.45 acre
project site. The project is located o n the southwest corner of West
El Camino Real and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2018 7
Request for a Planne d Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, with a 35% State Density Bonus, to construct a four-story,
mixed-use project with 24 apartment units a bove ground floor
commercial space and two levels of underground parking on a 0.45 acre
project site. The project is located on the southwest corner of West
El Camino Real and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Re al)
Precise Plan.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, with a 35% State Density Bonus, to construct a four-story,
mixed-use project with 24 apartment units above ground floor
commercial space and two levels of underground parking on a 0.45 acre
project site. The project is located on the southwest corner of West
El Camino Real and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
---
Terra Bella Visioning terrabellavisioning
2018 9
The City is developing a Visioning and Guiding Principles Plan for the
Terra Bella area to help define a vision for future change in the
area. The plan will include development principles which will provide
a foundation to guide review of future development projects in the
area. At the end of the visioning process, City Council will be
presented with the Visioning Plan to consider its endorsement and
provide other direction to staff. The Visioning Plan process will take
approximately 12 months and will include a series of community
workshops, public meetings, and hearings. 2018. The project team is
currently developing draft visioning documents which will be presented
to Council in late 2018.
2018 11
The City is developing a Visioning and Guiding Principles Plan for the
Terra Bella area to help define a vision for future change in the
area. The plan will include development principles which will provide
a foundation to guide review of future development projects in the
area. At the end of the visioning process, City Council will be
presented with the Visioning Plan to consider its endorsement and
provide o ther direction to staff. The Visioning Plan process will
take approximately 12 months and will include a series of community
workshops, public meetings, and hearings. 2018. The pro ject team is
currently developing draft visioning documents which will be presented
to Council in late 2018.
2019 2
The City is developing a Visioning and Guiding Principles Plan for the
Terra Bella area to help define a vision for future change in the
area. The plan will include development principles which will provide
a foundation to guide review of future development projects in the
area. At the end of the visioning process, City Council will be
presente d with the Visioning Plan to consider its endorsement and
provide other direction to staff. The Visioning Plan process will take
approximately 12 months and will include a series of community
workshops, public meetings, and hearings. 2018. The project team is
currently developing draft visioning documents which will be presented
to Council in early 2019.
2019 4
The City is developing a Visioning and Guiding Principles Plan for the
Terra Bella area to help define a vision for future change in the
area. The plan will include development principles which will provide
a foundation to guide review of future development projects in the
area. At the end of the visioning process, City Council will be
presented with the Visioning Plan to consider its endorsement and
provide other direction to staff. The Visioning Plan process will take
approximately 12 months and will include a series of community
workshops, public meetings, and hearings. 2018. The project team is
currently developing draft visioning documents which will be presented
to Council in Summer 2019.
2019 6
On March 20, 2018, the City Council authorized to begin developing a
Visioning and Guiding Principles Plan for the Terra Bella are a,
defining a vision for future change in the area. The plan will include
development princi ples which will provide a foundation to guide
review of future development projects in the area. At the end of the
visioning process, City Council will be presented with th e Visioning
Plan to consider its endorsement and provide other direction to staff.
The Visi oning Plan will take approximately 12 months and will include
a series of community work shops, public meetings, and hearings. 2018.
The project team is currently developi ng draft visioning documents
which will be presented to Council in Fall 2019.
2019 8
The City is developing a Visioning and Guiding Principles Plan for the
Terra Bella area to help define a vision for future change in the
area. The plan will include development principles which will provide
a foundation to guide review of future developmen t projects in the
area. At the end of the visioning process, City Council will be
presented with the Visioning Plan to consider endorsement and provide
other direction to staff. The Visioning Plan process will take
approximately 12 months and will incl ude a series of community
workshops, public meetings, and hearings. 2018. The project team is
currently developing draft visioning documents which will be presented
to Council in Fall 2019.
2019 10
The City is developing a Visioning and Guiding Principles Plan for the
Terra Bella area to define a vision for future change in the area. The
plan will include development principles which will guide review of
future development in the area. The Visioning Plan will take
approximately 12 months and will include a series of community
workshops, public meetings, and hearings. Two community workshops were
held in June and August 2018. Environmental Planning Commission and
City Council Public Hearings for consideration of endorsement on
October 23, 2019 and November 18, 2019, respectively.
---
Shenandoah Square Precise Plan shenandoahsquarepreciseplan
2018 9
Annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow multi-family
residential redevelopment; a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Low
Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a Zoning Map
Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned Community / Precise Plan); and a
new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on the
site. This project is located at the northwest corner of Moffett
Boulevard and West Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities)
district. on November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key Precise
Plan topics. Work on the new Precise Plan is on hold pending
authorization to proceed from the applicant.
2018 11
Annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow multi-family
residential redevelopment; a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Low
Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a Zoning Map
Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned Community / Precis e Plan); and a
new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on the
site. This project is located at the northwest corner of Moffett
Boulevard and West Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities)
district. on November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key Precise
Plan topics. Work on the new Precise Plan is on hold pending
authorization to proceed from the applicant.
2019 2
Annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow multi-family
residential redevelopment; a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Low
Density Residential to a designation to b e determined; a Zoning Map
Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned Community / Precise Plan); and a
new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on the
site. This project is located at the northwest corner of Moffett
Boulevard and West Middlefie ld Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities)
district. on November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key Precise
Plan topics. Work on the new Precise Plan is on hold pending
authorization to proceed from the applicant.
2019 4
Annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow multi- family
residential redevelopment; a Gener al Plan Amendment from Medium- Low
Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a Zoning Map
Amendment from PRE- PF to P (Planned Community / Precise Plan); and a
new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on the
site. This project is located at the northwest corner of Moffett
Boulevard and West Middlefield Road in the PRE- PF (Public Facilities)
district. on November 29, 2016 to provide initial inp ut on key
Precise Plan topics. Work on the new Precise Plan is on hold pending
authorization to proceed from the applicant.
2019 6
Annexation into the City of Mountain View of an approximately 17-acre
parcel to allow multi-family residential redevelopment; a General Plan
Map Amendment from Medium-Low Density Residential to a designation to
be determined; a Zoning Map Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned
Community / Precise Plan) district; and develop a new Precise Plan to
regulate future development activities on the site. This project is
located at the northwest corner of Moffett Boulevard and West
Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities) district. initial
input on key topics to study for the new Precise Plan. Work on the new
Precise Plan is on hold pending author ization to proceed from the
applicant.
2019 8
Annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow multi-family
residential redevelopment; a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Low
Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a Zoning Map
Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned Community / Prec ise Plan); and a
new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on the
site. This project is located at the northwest corner of Moffett
Boulevard and West Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities)
district. November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key topics.
Work on the new Precise Plan is on hold pending authorization to
proceed from the applicant.
2019 10
Annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow multi-family
residential redevelopment; a Gener al Plan Amendment from Medium-Low
Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a Zoning Map
Amendment from PRE-PF (Public Facilities) to P (Precise Plan); and a
new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on the
site. This project is located at the northwest corner of Moffett
Boulevard and West Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities)
district. November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key topics.
Work on the new Precise Plan is on hold pending authorization to
proceed from the applicant.
---
Housing Element Update housingelementupdate
2022 2
The Housing Element Update includes reviewing and updating City
housing policies to accommodate a share of the region’s pr ojected
housing needs, which is determined in the Regional Housing Needs
Assessment (RHNA) set by the State Department of Housing and Community
Development (HCD). The update process will include public outreach,
stakeholder meetings, technical assessments, and E nvironmental
Planning Commission and City Council Study Sessions. The Housing
Element Update is required to be approved by HCD by January 13, 2023.
2022 4
The Housing Element Update includes reviewing and updating City
housing policies to accommodate a share of the region’s projected
housing needs, which is determined in the Regional Housing Needs
Assessment (RHNA) set by the State Department of Housing and Community
Development (HCD). The update process will include public outreach,
stakeh older meetings, technical assessments, and E nvironmental
Planning Commission and City Council Study Sessions. The Housing
Element Update is required to be approved by HCD by January 13, 2023.
2022 6
The Housing Element Update includes reviewing and updating City
housing policies to accommodate a share of the region’s pr ojected
housing needs, which is determined in the Regional Housing Needs
Assessment (RHNA) set by the State Department of Housing and Community
Development (HCD). The update process will include public outreach,
stakeholder meetings, technical assessments, and Environmental
Planning Commission and City Council Study Sessions. The Housing
Element Update is required to be approved by HCD by January 13, 2023.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
The Housing Element Update includes reviewing and updating City
housing policies to accommodate a share of the region’s projected
housing needs, which is determined in the Regional Housing Needs
Assessment (RHNA) set by the State Department of Housing and Community
Development (HCD). The update process will include public outreach,
stakeholder meetings, technical assessments, and Environmental
Planning Commission and City Council Study Sessions. The Housing
Element Update is required to be approved by HCD by January 13, 2023.
2023 2
The Housing Element Update includes reviewing and updating City
housing policies to accommodate a share of the region’s projected
housing needs, which is determined in the Regional Housing Needs
Assessment (RHNA) set by the State Department of Housing and Community
Development (HCD). The upd ate process will include public outreach,
stakeholder meetings, technical assessments, and Environmental
Planning Commission and City Council Study Sessions. On January 24,
2023, Council approved General Plan, Zoning, and Precise Plan
amendments aligning with the Housing Element Update. Additional public
hearings are required for consideration of approving the Housing
Element Update.
---
Google North Bayshore Master Plan googlenorthbayshoremasterplan
2022 2
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 7,000 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 3.14 million square feet of office
(1.3 million net new office square feet), approximately 19 acres of
dedicated public parkland, a 12-acre privately-owned, publicly-
accessible (POPA) open space, 299,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and community space, new private streets, pedestrian and bike
improvements, and a private district utility system, replacing
multiple one- to four-story office and industrial buildings, on a
127-acre project site; a Development Agreement to al low a 30-year
entitlement period; and a Tentative Map for a mixed-use development.
The project site is generally located north of US 101 freeway bounded
by Charleston Road to the north, Stevens Creek to the east, Space Park
Way to the south and Huff Avenue to the west. The plan area also
includes portions of the Gateway Master Plan located at the northwest
corner of Shoreline Boulevard and the US 101 freeway northbound on-
ramp in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 4
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 7,000 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 3.14 million square feet of office
(1.3 million net new office square feet), approximately 19 acres of
dedicated pu blic parkland, a 12-acre privately-owned, publicly-
accessible (POPA) open space, 299,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and community space, new private streets, pedestrian and bike
improvements, and a private district utility system, replacing
multiple one- to four-story office and industrial buildings, on a
127-acre project site; a Deve lopment Agreement to allow a 30-year
entitlement period; and a Tentative Map for a mixed-use development.
The project site is generally located north of US 101 freeway bounded
by Charleston Road to the north, Stevens Creek to the east, Space Park
Way to th e south and Huff Avenue to the west. The plan area also
includes portions of the Gateway Master Plan located at the northwest
corner of Shoreline Boulevard and the US 101 freeway northbound on-
ramp in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 6
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 7,000 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 3.14 million square feet of office
(1.3 million net new office square feet), approximately 19 acres of
dedicated public parkland, a 12-acre privately-owned, publicly-
accessible (POPA) open space, 299,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and community space, new private streets, pedestrian and bike
improvements, and a private district utility system, replacing
multiple one- to four-story office and industrial buildings, on a
127-acre project site; a Development Agreement to allow a 30-year
entitlement period; and a Tentative Map for a mixed-use development.
The project site is generally located north of US 101 freeway bounded
by Charleston Road to the north, Stevens Creek to the east, Space Park
Way to the south and Huff Avenue to the west. The plan area also LONG-
RANGE /POLICY PROJECTS
2022 8
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 7,000 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 3.14 million square feet of office
(1.3 million net new office square feet), approximately 19 acres of
dedicated public parkland, a 12-acre privately-owned, publicly-
accessible (POPA) open space, 299,000 square feet of ground-floor
retail and community space, new private streets, pedestrian and bike
improvements, and a private district utility system, replacing
multiple one- to four-story office and in dustrial buildings, on a
151-acre project site; a Development Agreement to allow a 30-year
entitlement period; and a Tentative Map for a mixed-use development.
The project site is generally located north of US 101 freeway bounded
by Charleston Road to the north, Stevens Creek to the east, Space Park
Way to the south and Huff Avenue to the west. The plan area also
includes portions of the Gateway Master Plan located at the northwest
corner of Shoreline Boulevard and the US 101 freeway northbound on-
ramp in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 10
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 7,000 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 3.14 million square feet of
office, approximately 19 acres of dedicated public parkland, 12 acre s
of privately-owned, publicly-accessible (POPA) open space s, 299,000
square feet of ground-floor commercial space, new private streets, new
pedestrian and bike improvements, and a private district utility
system, replacing multiple one- to four-story office an d industrial
buildings, on a 151-acre project site; a Development Agreement to
allow a 30-year entitlement period; and a Tentative Map for a mixed-
use development. The project site is generally located north of US 101
freeway bounded by Charleston Road to the north, Stevens Creek to the
east, Space Park Way to the south and Huff Avenue to the west. The
plan area also includes portions of the Gateway Master Plan located at
the northwest corner of Shoreline Boulevard and the US 101 freeway
northbound on-ramp in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 12
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 7,000 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 3.14 million square feet of
office, approximately 19 acres of dedicated public parkland, 12 acre s
of privately-owned, publicly-accessible (POPA) open space s, 299,000
square feet of ground-floor commercial space, new private streets, new
pedestrian and bike improvements, and a private distric t utility
system, replacing multiple one- to four-story office and industrial
buildings, on a 151-acre project site; a Development Agreement to
allow a 30-year entitlement period; and a Tentative Map for a mixed-
use development. The project site is general ly located north of US
101 freeway bounded by Charleston Road to the north, Stevens Creek to
the east, Space Park Way to the south and Huff Avenue to the west. The
plan area also includes portions of the Gateway Master Plan located at
the northwest corner of Shoreline Boulevard and the US 101 freeway
northbound on-ramp in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. LONG-
RANGE /POLICY PROJECTS
2023 2
Request for a Mas ter Plan to allow up to 7,000 residential units
(with up to 20 percent affordable), up to 3.14 million square feet of
office, approximately 19 acres of dedicated public parkland, 12 acre s
of privately-owned, publicly-accessible (POPA) open space s, 299,000
square feet of ground-floor commercial space, new private streets, new
pedestrian and bike improvements, and a private district utility
system, replacing multiple one- to four-story office and industrial
buildings, on a 151-acre project site; a Dev elopment Agreement to
allow a 30-year entitlement period; and a Tentative Map for a mixed-
use development. The project site is generally located north of US 101
freeway bounded by Charleston Road to the north, Stevens Creek to the
east, Space Park Way to t he south and Huff Avenue to the west. The
plan area also includes portions of the Gateway Master Plan located at
the northwest corner of Shoreline Boulevard and the US 101 freeway
northbound on-ramp in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
---
Google Middlefield Park Master Plan googlemiddlefieldparkmasterplan
2022 2
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 1,900 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 1.3 million square feet of office
(654,000 net new square feet), approximately 7.2 acres of dedicated
public parkland, a 2.8 acre pr ivately-owned, publically- accessible
(POPA) open space, 30,000 square feet of ground-floor retail,
restaurant and service uses, 20,000 square feet of community space,
new private streets, pedestrian and bike improvements, and a n
optional private district u tility system, replacing multiple one- to
four-story office and industrial buildings, on a 40-acre project site;
a Development Agreement to allow a 20-year entitlement period; and a
Tentative Map to create 18 new parcels with up to 1,900 condominium
lots f or a mixed-use development. This project is generally located
north of West Maude Avenue between Logue and Clyde Avenues and at the
northeast corner of West Middlefield Road and Ellis Street in the P-41
(East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 4
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 1,900 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 1.3 million square feet of office
(654,000 net new square feet), approximately 7.2 acres of dedicated
public parkland, a 2.8 acre privately-owned, publicly- accessible
(POPA) open space, 30,000 square feet of ground-floor retail,
restaurant and service uses, 20,000 square feet of community space,
new private streets, pedestrian and bike improvements, and a n
optional private district utility system, re placing multiple one- to
four-story office and industrial buildings, on a 40-acre project site;
a Development Agreement to allow a 20-year entitlement period; and a
Tentative Map to create 18 new parcels with up to 1,900 condominium
lots for a mixed-use de velopment. This project is generally located
north of West Maude Avenue between Logue and Clyde Avenues and at the
northeast corner of West Middlefield Road and Ellis Street in the P-41
(East Whisman) Precise Plan. LONG-RANGE /POLICY PROJECTS
2022 6
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 1,900 residential units (with
up to 20 percent affordable), up to 1.3 million square feet of office,
approximately 7.2 acres of dedicated public parkland, a 2.8 acre
privately-owned, publicly-accessible (POPA) open space, 50,000 square
feet of active commercial uses (incl. retail, restaurant, services,
community space, etc), new private streets, pedestrian and bike
improvements, and a n optional private district utility system,
replacing multiple one- to four-story of fice and industrial
buildings, on a 40-acre project site; a Development Agreement to allow
a 20-year entitlement period; and a Tentative Map to create 18 new
parcels with up to 1,900 condominium lots and 140 vertical lots for a
mixed-use development. This project is generally located north of West
Maude Avenue between Logue and Clyde Avenues and at the northeast
corner of West Middlefield Road and Ellis Street in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 8
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 1,900 residential units (with
more than 15 percent affordable), up to 1.3 17 million square feet of
office, approximately 7 acres of dedicated public parkland, a 2.8 acre
privately-owned, publicly-accessible (POPA) open space, 50,000 square
feet of active commercial uses (incl. retail, restaurant, services,
community space, etc), new private streets, pedestrian and bike
improvements, and a n optional private district utility system,
replacing multiple one- to four-story office and industrial buildings,
on a 40-acre project site; a Development Agreement to allow a 20-year
entitlement period; and a Tentative Map to create 18 new parcels with
up to 1,900 condominium lots and 140 vertical lots for a mixed-use
development. This project is generally located north of West Maude
Avenue between Logue and Clyde Avenues and at the northeast corner of
West Middlefield Road and Ellis Street in the P-41 (East Whisma n)
Precise Plan.
2022 10
Request for a Master Plan to allow up to 1,900 residential units (with
more than 15 percent affordable), up to 1.3 17 million square feet of
office, approximately 7 acres of dedicated public parkland, a 2.8 acre
p rivately-owned, publicly-accessible (POPA) open space, 50,000 square
feet of ground-floor commercial uses (incl. retail, restaurant,
services, community space, etc), new private streets, new pedestrian
and bike improvements, and a n optional private district utility
system, replacing multiple one- to four-story office and industrial
buildings, on a 40-acre project site; a Development Agreement to allow
a 20-year entitlement period; and a Tentative Map to combine 14
existing parcels to create 18 new parcels with up to 1,900 condominium
lots and 140 vertical lots for a mixed-use development. This project
is generally located at the northeast corner of West Middlefield Road
and Ellis Street and north of West Maude Avenue between Logue Avenue
and Clyde Avenue in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan. LONG-RANGE
/POLICY PROJECTS
2022 12
On November 15, 2022, the City Council approved a Master Plan to allow
up to 1,900 residential units (with more than 15 percent affordable),
up to 1.3 17 million square feet of office, approximately 7 acres of
dedicated public parkland, a 2.8 acre privatel y-owned, publicly-
accessible (POPA) open space, 50,000 square feet of ground-floor
commercial uses (incl. retail, restaurant, services, community space,
etc), new private streets, new pedestrian and bike improvements, and
an optional private district utili ty system, replacing multiple one-
to four-story office and industrial buildings, on a 40-acre project
site; a Development Agreement to allow a 20-year entitlement period;
and a Tentative Map to combine 14 existing parcels to create 18 new
parcels with up to 1,900 condominium lots and 140 vertical lots for a
mixed-use development. This project is generally located at the
northeast corner of West Middlefield Road and Ellis Street and north
of West Maude Avenue between Logue Avenue and Clyde Avenue in the P-41
(East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2023 2
 " 
---
City Lot 12 citylot12
2022 2
Ministerial Review of a 5-story, mixed-use development with 120
affordable rental housing units and 2,300 square feet of ground floor
commercial, replac ing a City public parking lot with 160 parking
spaces, on a 1.5-acre site. This project is located on the west side
of Bryant Street between Mercy Street and California Street in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Pl an. Project is subject to SB 35.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
On April 25, 2022, the Community Development Director issued a
ministerial approval of a 5-story, mixed-use development with 120
affordable rental housing units and 2,300 square feet of ground floor
commercial, replacing a City public parking lot with 160 parking
spaces, o n a 1.5-acre site. This project is located on the west side
of Bryant Street between Mercy Street and California Street in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 35.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On April 25, 2022, the Community Development Director issued a
ministerial approval of a 5-story, mixed-use development with 120
affordable rental housing units and 2,300 square feet of ground floor
commercial, replacing a City public parking lot with 160 parking
spaces, on a 1.5-acre site. This project is located on the west side
of Bryant Street between Mercy Street and California Street in the
P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 35.
2023 2
 " 
---
Cannabis Regulations cannabisregulations
2018 9
The City is developing a permitting and regulatory framework for
commercial cannabis activity by the end of 2018, which includes the
sale of medical or non-medical/adult-use cannabis a nd associated
products within the City. approval of new cannabis regulations on
September 5, 2018. Council consideration is anticipated in October
2018. Development Projects Under Review
2018 11
The City is developing a permitting and regulatory framework for
commercial cannabis activity by the end of 2018, wh ich includes the
sale of medical and non-medical/adult-use cannabis and associated
products within the City. business regulations. The cannabis business
regulations allow a maximum of four (4) cannabis businesses,
consisting of two (2) storefront retail and two (2) non- storefront
retail cannabis businesses in Mountain View. The application period
for the cannabis business will be set following the effective date of
the ordinances and will be posted on the City’s webpage. Applications
will not be accepted until the application period commences. No
cannabis businesses currently have permits to operate within Mountain
View. Development Projects Under Review
2019 2
On October 2, 2018, the City Council approved new cannabis business
regulations. The cannabis business regulations allow a maximum of four
(4) cannabis businesses, consisting of two (2) storefront retail and
two (2) non-storefront retail cannabis businesses in Mountain View. 1,
2019. Eligible applications will be placed into a lottery that is
tentatively scheduled for March 27, 2019 at a Zoning Administrator
public hearing. No cannabis businesses currently have p ermits to
operate within Mountain View. Development Projects Under Review
2019 4
On October 2, 2018, the City Council approved new cannabis business
regulations. The cannabis business regulations allow a maximum of four
(4) cannabis businesses, consisting of two (2) storefront retail and
two (2) non-storefront retail cannabis businesse s in Mountain View.
potential amendment to the existing regulations. The EPC and Council
are expected to hold public hearings in the coming months to adopt
amendments to the existing regulations. The cannabis business
permitting process is on hold until the amendments are adopted.
Development Projects Under Review
2019 6
On May 23, 2019, the City Council introduced amendments to the
cannabis business regulations. The regulations allow a maximum of
three non-storefront retail cannabis businesses in the city.
amendments are adopted. Following th e amendments to the cannabis
business regulations, the permitting process will proceed per Council
direction. Development Projects Under Review
2019 8
On May 23, 2019, the City Council introduced amendments to the c
annabis business regulations. The cannabis business regulations allow
a maximum of three non-storefront retail cannabis businesses in
Mountain View. begin in September 2019.
2019 10
On May 23, 2019, the City Council adopted amendments to the c annabis
busin ess regulations. The cannabis business regulations allow a
maximum of three non-storefront retail cannabis businesses in Mountain
View. September 9 – November 8, 2019. Three businesses have been
authorized to submit during this phase.
---
918 Rich Avenue 918richavenue
2022 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 5-story, 29-unit condominium development with a
surface parking lot and a State Density Bonus with waivers from
development standards, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three
Heritage trees on a vacant 0.7-acre project site; and a Tentative Map
to create 29 condominium lots and one common lot. The project is
located on the west side of Rich Avenue between Rich Place and El
Camino Real in the R3-1 (Multi-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 5- story, 29-unit condominium development with a
surface parking lot and a State Density Bonus with waivers from
development standards, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three
Heritage trees on a vacant 0.7-acre project site; and a Tentative Map
to create 29 condominium lots and one common lot. The project is
located on the west side of Rich Avenue between Rich Place and El
Camino Real in the R3-1 (Multi-Family Residential) district.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 5- story, 32-unit condominium development with a
su rface parking lot and a State Density Bonus with waivers from
development standards, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three
Heritage trees on a vacant 0.7-acre project site; and a Tentative Map
to create 32 condominium lots and one common lot. The project is
located on the west side of Rich Avenue between Rich Place and El
Camino Real in the R3-1 (Multi-Family Residential) district.
2022 12
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 5- story, 32-unit condominium development with a
surface parking lot and a State Density Bonus with waivers from
development standards, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three
Heritage trees on a vacant 0.7-acre project site; and a Tentative Map
to create 32 condominium lots and one common lot. The project is
located on the west side of Rich Avenue between Rich Place and El
Camino Real in the R3-1 (Multi-Family Residential) district.
2023 2
 " 
---
870 East El Camino Real 870eastelcaminoreal
2022 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two, 6-story buildings with 233 new apartment units and
one level of underground parking with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers, and associated site and façade improvements to
existing apartment buildings to remain, replacing three apartment
buildings with 42 existing units, resul ting in a total of 371
apartment units on-site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow rooftop
amenities above the third floor; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 14 Her itage trees on a 9.15-acre site. This proje ct is
located on the north side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Avenue
and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two, 6-story buildings with 233 new apartment units and
one level of underground parking with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers, and associated site and façade improvements to
existing apartment buildings to remain, replacing three apartment
buildings with 42 existing units, resul ting in a total of 371
apartment units on-site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow rooftop
amenities ab ove the third floor and for a parking reduction; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a 9.15-
acre site. This project is located on the north side of East El Camino
Real between Sylvan Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two, 6-story buildings with 233 new apartment units and
one level of underground parking with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers, and associated site and façade improvements to
existing apartment buildings to remain, replacing three apartment
buildings with 42 existing units, resul ting in a total of 371
apartment units on-site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow rooftop
amenities ab ove the third floor and for a parking reduction; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a
9.15-acre site. This project is located on the north side of East El
Camino Real between Sylvan Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two, 6-story buildings with 233 new apartment units and
one level of underground parking with a State Density Bonus with
development waivers, and associated site and façade improvements to
existing apartment buildings to remain, replacing three apartment
buildings with 42 existing units, resul ting in a total of 371
apartment units on-site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow rooftop
amenities above the third floor and for a parking reduction; and a Her
itage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a
9.15-acre site. This project is located on the north side of East El
Camino Real between Sylvan Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
On September 27, 2022, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct two, 6-story
buildings with 233 new apartment units and one level of underground
parking with a State Density Bonus with development waivers, and
associated site and façade improvements to existing apartment
buildings to remain, replacing three apartment buildings with 42
existing units, resulting in a total of 371 apartment units on-site; a
Provisional Use Permit to allow rooftop amenities above the third
floor and for a parking reducti on; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove seven Heritage trees on a 9.15-acre site. This project is
located on the north side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Avenue
and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Project i s subject to SB 330.
2022 12
On September 27, 2022, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct two, 6-story
buildings with 233 new apartment units and one level of underground
parking with a State Density Bonus with development waivers, and
associated site and façade improvements to existing apartment
buildings to remain, replacing three apartment buildings with 42
existing units, resulting in a total of 371 apartment units on-site; a
Provisional Use Permit to allow rooftop amenities above the third
floor and for a parking reduction; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove seven Heritage trees on a 9.15-acre site. This project is
located on the north side of East El Camino Real between Sylvan Avenue
and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
 " 
---
773 Cuesta Avenue 773cuestaavenue
2022 2
On May 25, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit to construct a four-unit, flag lot single-
family residential development, replacing one single-family home, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11 and relocate 2 Heritage
trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide one lot into four residential
lots and one common lot on a 0.70-acre project site. The project is
located on the south side of Cuesta Drive between Miramonte Avenue and
Begen Avenue in the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district. Project
is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
On May 25, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit to construct a four-unit, flag lot single-
family residential development, replacing one single-family home, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11 and relocate 2 Heritage
trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide one lot into f our residential
lots and one common lot on a 0.70-acre project site. The project is
located on the south side of Cuesta Drive between Miramonte Avenue and
Begen Avenue in the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district. Project
is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
On May 25, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit to construct a four-unit, flag lot single-
family residential development, replacing one single- family home, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11 and relocate 2 Heritage
trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide one lot into f our residential
lots and one common lot on a 0.70-acre project site. The project is
located on the south side of Cuesta Drive between Miramonte Avenue and
Begen Avenue in the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district. Project
is subject to SB 330.
2022 8
On May 25, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit to construct a four-unit, flag lot single-
family residential development, replacing one single- family home, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11 and relocate 2 Heritage
trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide one lot into four residential
lots and one common lot on a 0.70-acre project site. T he project is
located on the south side of Cuesta Drive between Miramonte Avenue and
Begen Avenue in the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district. Project
is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
On May 25, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review PROJECTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION Permit to construct a
four-unit, flag lot single-family residential development, replacing
one single- family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11
and relocate 2 Heritage trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide one
lot into four residential lot s and one common lot on a 0.70-acre
project site. The project is located on the south side of Cuesta Drive
between Miramonte Avenue and Begen Avenue in the R1 (Single-Family
Residential) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 12
On May 25, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Unit Development and
Development Review Permit to construct a four-unit, flag lot single-
family residential development, replacing one single- family home, a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11 and relo cate 2 Heritage
trees, and a Tentative Map to subdivide one lot into four residential
lots and one common lot on a 0.70-acre project site. The project is
located on the south side of Cuesta Drive between Miramonte Avenue and
Begen Avenue in the R1 (Single-Family Residential) district. Project
is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
 " 
---
747 West Dana Street 747westdanastreet
2022 2
On December 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story mixed-use
building with 7,000 square feet of office and 1,600-square feet of
ground-floor retail with no on-site parking, replacing a 2,300 square
foot retail building, on a 0.07-acre pr oject site; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to modify an existing lot line. This project is located on
the south side of Dana Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 4
On December 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story mixed-use
building with 7,000 square feet of office and 1,600-square feet of
ground-floor retail with no on-site parking, replacing a 2,300 square
foot retail building, on a 0.07-acre project site; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to modify an existing lot line. This project is located on
the south side of Dana Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 6
On December 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story mixed-use
building with 7,000 square feet of office and 1,600- square feet of
ground-floor retail with no on-site parking, replacing a 2,300 square
foot retail building, on a 0.07-acre project site; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to modify an existing lot line. This project is located on
the south side of Dana Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in
the P- 19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 8
On December 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story mixed-use
building with 7,000 square feet of office and 1,600- square feet of
ground-floor retail with no on-site parking, replacing a 2,300 square
foot retail building, on a 0.07-acre project site; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to modify an existing lot line. This project is located on
the south side of Dana Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in
the P- 19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
2022 10
On December 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story mixed-use
building with 7,000 square feet of office and 1,600- square feet of
ground-floor retail with no on-site parking, replacing a 2,300 square
foot retail building, on a 0.07-acre project site; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to modify an existing lot line. This project is located on
the south side of Dana Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in
the P- 19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 12
 " 
2023 2
On December 14, 2021, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story mixed-use
building with 7,000 square feet of office and 1,600-APPROVED
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS square feet of ground-floor retail with no on-
site parking, replacing a 2,300 square foot retail building, on a
0.07-acre project site; and a Lot Line Adjustment to modify an
existing lot line. This project is located on the south side of Dana
Street between Castro Street and Hope Street in the P- 19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
---
730 Central Avenue 730centralavenue
2022 2
Request for a Conditional Use Permit for a multi-family residential
use, and a Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 21-unit
apartment building with parking at-grade and a State Density Bonus
with development waivers, replacing an existing vacant auto repair
shop on a 0.24-acre project site. This project is located on the north
side of Central Avenue between Moffett Boulevard and Santa Rosa Avenue
in the CRA (Commercial Residential- Arterial) district. Project is
subject to SB 330.
2022 4
Request for a Conditional Use Permit for a multi-family residential
use, and a Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 21-unit
apartment building with parking at-grade and a State Density Bonus
with development waivers, replacing an existing vacant auto repair
shop on a 0.24-acre project site. This project is located on the north
side of Central Avenue DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW between
Moffett Boulevard and Santa Rosa Avenue in the CRA (Commercial
Residential- Arterial) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
Request for a Conditional Use Permit for a multi-family residential
use, and a Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 21-unit
apartment building with parking at-grade and a State Density Bonus
with development waivers, replacing an existing vacant auto repair
shop on a 0.24-acre project site. This project is located on the north
side of Central Avenue between Moffett Boulevard and Santa Rosa Avenue
in the CRA (Commercial Residential-Arterial) district. Project is
subject to SB 330.
2022 8
On June 22, 2022, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a multi-family residential use, and a Development Review
Permit to construct a 4-story, 21-unit apartment building with parking
at-grade and a State Density Bonus with development waivers, replacing
an existing vacant auto repair shop on a 0.24-acre project site. This
project is located on the north side of Cen tral Avenue between
Moffett Boulevard and Santa Rosa Avenue in the CRA (Commercial
Residential- Arterial) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
On June 22, 2022, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a multi-family residential use, and a Development Re view
Permit to construct a 4-story, 21-unit apartment building with parking
at-grade and a State Density Bonus with development waivers, replacing
an existing vacant auto repair shop on a 0.24-acre project site. This
project is located on the north side of Central Avenue between Moffett
Boulevard and Santa Rosa Avenue in the CRA (Commercial Residential-
Arterial) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 12
On June 22, 2022, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional Use
Permit for a multi-family residential use, and a Development Review
Permit to construct a 4-story, 21-unit apartment building with parking
at-grade and a State Density Bonus with develop ment waivers,
replacing an existing vacant auto repair shop on a 0.24-acre project
site. This project is located on the north side of Central Avenue
between Moffett Boulevard and Santa Rosa Avenue in the CRA (Commercial
Residential- Arterial) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
 " 
---
700 E . Middefield R d. 700emiddefieldrd
2013 8
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up an additional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was he ld in May 2013. The applicant is revising the plans
based Council comments. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 9
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up an additional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was held in May 2013. The applicant submitted revised plans in
July. Final Council action is expected in summer or fall 2014.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 10
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up an additional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was he ld in May 2013. The applicant submitted revised plans
in July. Final Council action is ex pected in summer or fall 2014.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 11
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up an additional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR a
nd General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was he ld in May 2013. The applicant submitted revised plans
in July. Final Council action is expected in summer or fall 2014.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 12
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up an additional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was he ld in M ay 2013. The applicant submitted revised plans
in July. Final Council action is expected in summer or fall 2014.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezoning of 23 acres to allow up an addition al 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR are being prepared for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was held in May 2013. Final Council action is expected in
summer or fall 2014.
---
600 Ellis Street 600ellisstreet
2022 2
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 6-story, 259,595 square foot
office building and eight-level parking structure; an 80,000 square
foot Transfer of Development Rights from the L os Altos School
District TDR Program; Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23
Heritage trees; a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one
lot; and a Development Agreement on a
2022 4
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 6-story, 259,595 square foot
office building and eight-level parking structure; an 80,000 square
foot Transfer of Development Rights from the L os Altos School
District TDR Program; Her itage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23
Heritage trees; a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one
lot; and a Development Agreement on a 4.45-acre project site. The
project is located on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and
Ellis Street in th e P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 6
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 6-story, 259,595 square foot
office building and eight-level parking structure; an 80,000 square
foot Transfer of Development Rights from the L os Altos School
District TDR Program; Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23
Heritage trees; a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one
lot; and a Development Agreement on a 4.45-acre project site. The
project is located on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and
Ellis Street in th e P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 6-story, 259,595 square foot
office building and eight-level parking structure; an 80,000 square
foot Transfer of Development Rights from the Los Altos School District
TDR Program; Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage trees;
a Lo t Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one lot; and a
Development Agreement on a 4.45-acre project site. The project is
located on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and Ellis Street in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 12
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 6-story, 259,595 square foot
office building and eight-level parking structure; an 80,000 square
foot Transfer of Development Rights from the Los Altos School District
TDR Program; Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage trees;
a Lot Line Adjustment to c ombine two PROJECTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION lots
into one lot; and a Development Agreement on a 4.45-acre project site.
The project is located on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and
Ellis Street in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2023 2
On November 17, 2020, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 6-story, 259,595 square foot
office building and eight-level parking structure; an 80,000 square
foot Transfer of Development Rights from the Los Altos School District
TDR Program; Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage trees;
a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one lot; and a
Development Agreement on a 4.45-acre project site. The project is loc
ated on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and Ellis Street in
the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
---
590 Castro Street 590castrostreet
2022 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4- story, 106,000 square foot office building with a
plaza; a Provisional Use Permit for a parking reduction of 277 spaces,
in lieu of the required 316 spaces; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 9 Heritage trees on a 0.95-acre site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Castro Street a nd Church Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4- story, 106,000 square foot office building with a
plaza; a Provisional Use Permit for a parking reduction of 277 spaces,
in lieu of the required 316 spaces; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 9 Heritage trees on a 0.95-acre site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and Church Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 106,000 square foot office building with a
plaza; a Provisional Use Permit for a parking reduction of 277 spaces,
in lieu of the re quired 316 spaces; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 9 Heritage trees on a 0.95-acre site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and Church Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 105,255 square foot office building with a
plaza; a Provisional Use Permit for a parking reduction of 255 spaces,
in lieu of the required 314 spaces; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 9 Herit age trees on a 0.95-acre site. This project is
located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and Church Street in
the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2022 10
On August 30, 2022, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 105,255
square foot office building with a plaza; a Provisional Use Permit for
a parking reduction of 2 55 spaces, in lieu of the required 3 14
spaces; and a Heritage Tree Remo val Permit to remove 9 Heritage trees
on a 0.95-acre site. This project is located on the northeast corner
of Castro Street and Church Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise
Plan.
2022 12
On August 30, 2022, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 105,255
square foot office building with a plaza; a Provisional Use Permit for
a parking reduction of 2 55 spaces, in lieu of the required 3 14
spaces; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 9 Heritage trees
on a 0.95-acre site. This project is located on the northeast corner
of Castro Street and Church Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise
Plan.
2023 2
 " 
---
465 Fairchild  Drive 465fairchilddrive
2019 2
Request for a Development Review Permit and Los Altos School District
Transfer of Development Rights square footage for a new 259,595 square
foot, six-story office building and a seven-story garage, replacing an
existing two-story office on a 4.45-acre project site. This project is
located on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and Ellis Street in
the ML- T (Limited Industrial – Transit Oriented) district.
2019 4
Request for a Development Review Permit and Los Altos School District
Transfer of Development Rights square footage for a new 259,595 square
foot, six-story office building and a seven-story garage, replacing an
existing two- story office on a 4.45- acre project site. This project
is located on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and Ellis Street
in the ML- T (Limite d Industrial – Transit Oriented) district.
2019 6
Request for a Development Review Permit and Lo s Altos School District
(LASD) Transfer of Development Rights square footage fo r a new
259,595 square foot, six-story office building and a seven-story
parking garage to re place an existing two-story office building on a
4.45-acre project site. This project is loca ted on the southwest
corner of Fairchild Drive and Ellis Street in the ML-T (Limited
Industrial Transit-Oriented) district.
2019 8
Request for a Development Review Permit and Los Altos School District
Transfer of Development Rights square footage for a new 259,595 square
foot, six-story office building and a seven-story garage, replacing an
existing two-story office on a 4.45-acre project site. This project is
located on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and Ellis Street in
the ML- T (Limite d Industrial – Transit Oriented) district.
2019 10
Request for a General Plan Amendment from High Intensity Office to
East Whisman Mixed-Use; a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited
Industrial) to the East Whisman Precise Plan; a Planned Community and
Development Review Permit and Los Altos School District Transfer of
Development Rights for additional square footage for a new 6-story,
259,595 square foot office building and a seven-story garage,
replacing an existing two- story office, on a 4.45-acre project site.
This project is located on the southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and
Elli s Street in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Community and Development Review Permit and Los
Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights for additional
square footage for a new 6-story, 259,595 square foot office building
and a seven-level parking garage, replacing an existing two-story
office, on a 4.45-acre project site. This p roject is located on the
southwest corner of Fairchild Drive and Ellis Street in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a new 6- story, 259,595 square foot office building and a seven-
level parking garage replacing an existing two-story office, a Los
Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights for 80,000 square
feet, and a Heritage Tree Removal Per mit to remove 13 Heritage Tree
on a 4.45- acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of Fairchild Drive and Ellis Street in the P-41 (East Whisman)
Precise Plan.
---
334 San Antonio Road 334sanantonioroad
2022 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development
Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a 5-story, mixed-
use building with 62 condominium units and 2,00 3 square feet of
ground floor retail with underground parking, a State Density Bonus
with development waivers, replacing an existing gas service sta tion,
on a 0.62-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 63
condominium lots and one common lot. This project is located on the
northwest corner of San Antonio Road and California Street in the P-40
(San Antonio) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Planned Unit Development
Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a 5-story, mixed-
use building with 62 condominium units and 2,00 3 square feet of
ground floor retail with underground parking, a State Density Bonus
with development waivers, replacing an existing gas service station,
on a 0.62-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create 63
condominium lots and one common lot. This project is located on the
northwest corner of San Antonio Road and California Street in the P-40
(San Antonio) Precise Plan. Project i s subject to SB 330.
2022 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit, and Development Review Permit
to construct a 5-story, mixed-use building with 62 condominium units
and 2, 000 square feet of ground floor retail with two levels of
underground parking, a State Density Bonus with development waivers,
replacing an existing gas service station, on a 0.62-acre project
site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow rooftop amenities above the
third floor; and a Tentative Map to create 63 condominium lots and one
common lot. This project is located on the northwest corner of San
Antonio Road and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit, and Development Review Permit
to construct a 5-story, mixed-use building with 62 condominium units
and 2, 000 square feet of ground floor retail with two levels of
underground parking, a State Density Bonus with development waivers,
replacing an existing gas service station, on a 0.62-acre project
site; a Provisional Use Permit to allow rooftop amenities above the
third floor; and a Tentative Map to create 63 condominium lots and one
common lot. This project is located on the northwest corner of San
Antonio Road and California Street in the P-40 (San Anto nio) Precise
Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 12
On October 25, 2022, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit,
and Development Review Permit to construct a 5-story, mixed-use
building with 62 condominium units and 2,00 0 square feet of ground
floor retail with two levels of underground parking, a State Density
Bonus with development waiver s, replacing an existing gas service
station, on a 0.62-acre project site; a Provisional Use Permit to
allow rooftop amenities above the third floor; and a Tentative Map to
create 63 condominium lots and one common lot. This project is located
on the north west corner of San Antonio Road and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
On October 25, 2022, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit,
and Development Review Permit to construct a 5-story, mixed-use
building with 62 condominium units and 2,00 0 square feet of ground
floor retail with two levels of underground parking, a State Density
Bonus with development waivers, replacing an existing gas service
station, on a 0.62-acre project site; a Provisional Use Permit to
allow rooftop amenities above the third floor; and a Tentative Map to
create 63 condominium lots and one common lot. This project is lo
cated on the northwest corner of San Antonio Road and California
Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. Project is subject to
SB 330.
---
320 Logue Avenue 320logueavenue
2022 2
Review of a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7- story, 363-unit residential development with
underground parking, replacing a 30,750 sq. ft. existing office
building, on 2.15-acre site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
Heritage Trees. The project is located on the west side of Logue Ave
between East Middlefield Road and West Maude Ave in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
Review of a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7- story, 363-unit residential development with
underground parking, replacing a 30,750 sq. ft. existing office
building, on 2.15-acre site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
12 Heritage Trees. The project is located on the west side of Logue
Ave between East Middlefield Road and West Maude Ave in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
Review of a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 36 6- unit residential development with
underground parking, replacing a 30,750 sq. ft. existing office
building, on 2.15-acre site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
12 Heritage Trees. The project is located on the west side of Logue
Ave between East Middlefield Road and West Maude Ave in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 8
Review of a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 36 6- unit residential development with
underground parking, replacing a 30,750 sq. ft. existing office
building, on 2.15-acre site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
12 Heritage T rees. The project is located on the west side of Logue
Ave between East Middlefield Road and West Maude Ave in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
Review of a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 36 6- unit residential development with
underground parking, replacing a 30,750 sq. ft. existing office
building, on 2.15-acre site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
12 Heritage Trees. The project is located on the west side of Logue
Ave between East Middlefield Road and West Maude Ave in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 12
Review of a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 36 6- unit residential development with
underground parking, replacing a 30,750 sq. ft. existing office
building, on 2.15-acre site; a Heritage Tree Removal Per mit to remove
12 Heritage Trees. The project is located on the west side of Logue
Ave between East Middlefield Road and West Maude Ave in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
Review of a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 7-story, 36 6- unit residential development with
underground parking, replacing a 30,750 sq. ft. existing office
buildin g, on 2.15-acre site; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
12 Heritage Trees. The project is located on the west side of Logue
Ave between East Middlefield Road and West Maude Ave in the P-41 (East
Whisman) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
---
301 East Evelyn Avenue 301eastevelynavenue
2022 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 3-story, 125,000 square foot office building and a 6-level
parking structure at an existing office campus with four other
existing buildings to remain with 125,000 square feet of Transfer of
Development Rights from the Los Altos School District TDR Program; and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 32 Heritage trees on a
16.6-acre project site. This project is located on the south side of
Evelyn Avenue between SR-237 and Ferry M orse Way in the P-29 (111
Ferry-Morse Way) Precise Plan.
2022 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 3-story, 125,000 square foot office building and a 6-level
parking structure at an existing office campus with four other
existing buildings to remain with 125,000 square feet of Transfer of
Development Rights from the Los Altos School District TDR Program; and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 32 Heritage trees on a
16.6-acre project site. This project is located on the south side of
Evelyn Avenue between SR-237 and Ferry Mor se Way in the P-29 (111
Ferry-Morse Way) Precise Plan.
2022 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 3-story, 125,000 square foot office building and a 6-level
parking structure at an existing office campus with four other
existing buildings to remain with 125,000 square feet of Transfer of
Development Rights from the Los Altos School District TDR Program; and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 32 Heritage trees on a
16.6-acre project site. This project is located on the south side of
Evelyn Avenue between SR-237 and Ferry Morse Way in the P-29 (111
Ferry-Morse Way) Precise Plan.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit f
or a 3-story, 125,000 square foot office building and a 6-level
parking structure at an existing office campus with four other
existing buildings to remain with 125,000 square feet of Transfer of
Development Rights from the
2023 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 3-story, 125,000 square foot office building and a 6-level
parking structure at an existing office campus with four other
existing buildings to remain with 125,000 square feet of Transfer of
Development Rights from the Los Altos School District TDR Program; and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 32 Heritage trees on a
16.6-acre project site. This project is located on the south side of
Evelyn Avenue between SR-237 and Ferry Morse Way in the P-29 (111
Ferry-Morse Way) Precise Plan.
---
268 Ada Ave. 268adaave
2013 10
In August 2013, revised plans for a 3- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.4 acres was submitted. Final City action is expected
i n late 2013.
2013 11
In August 2013, revised plans for a 3- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.4 acres were submitted. Final City action is expected
in late 2013.
2013 12
In August 2013, revised plans for a 3- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.4 acres were submitted. Final City action is expected
in spring 2014.
2014 1
 " 
2014 2
In August 2013, revised plans for a 3-unit sm all-lot single family
subdivision on 0.4 acres were submitted. Final City ac tion is
expected in spring 2014.
2014 3
In August 2013, revised plans for a 3- unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.4 acres were submitted. Final City action is expected
in late 2014.
2014 4
In August 2013, revised plans for a 3-unit small-lot single family
subdivision on 0.4 acres w ere submitted. Final City action is
expected in late 2014.
---
2580 and 2590 California Street  / 201 San Antonio Circle 2580and2590californiastreet201sanantoniocircle
2022 2
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-
use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square feet of
commercial space with below-grade parking, replac ing an existing
70,000 square foot office building and 53,00 0 square feet of existing
retail; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one 8.63-acre project
site. These properties comprise the North of California Street Master
Plan Area and are loc ated on the north side of California Street
between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan.
2022 4
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-
use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square feet of
commerc ial space with below-grade parking, replac ing an existing
70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square feet of existing
retail; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one 8.63-acre project
site. These properties comprise the North of California Street Master
Plan Area and are located on the north side of California Street
between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan.
2022 6
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-
use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square feet of
commercial space with below-grade parking, replac ing an existing
70,000 square foot of fice building and 53,000 square feet of existing
retail; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one 8.63-acre project
site. These properties comprise the North of California Street Maste r
Plan Area and are located on the north side of California Street
between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan.
2022 8
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-
use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square feet of
commercial space with below-grade parking, replac ing an existing
70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square feet of existing
retail; a Heritage Tree Removal Pe rmit to remove 78 Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one 8.63-acre project
site. These properties comprise the North of California Street Master
Plan Area and are located on the north side of California Street
between San Anto nio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan.
2022 10
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-
use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square feet of
commercial space with below-grade p arking, replac ing an existing
70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square feet of existing
retail; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one 8.63-acre project
site. These prope rties comprise the North of California Street Master
Plan Area and are located on the north side of California Street
between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan. APPROVED DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
2022 12
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-
use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square feet of
commercial space with below-grade parking, replac ing an existing
70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square feet of existing
retail; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one 8.63-acre project
site. These properties comprise the North of California Street Master
Plan Area and are located on the north side of California Street
betwee n San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio)
Precise Plan.
2023 2
On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master Plan, Planned
Community Permit, and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-
use development with 632 residential units and 20,000 square feet of
commercial space with below-grade parking, replac ing an existing
70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square feet of existing
retail; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to mer ge two lots into one 8.63-acre
project site. These properties comprise the North of California Street
Master Plan Area and are located on the north side of California
Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San
Antonio) Precise Plan.
---
2110 Old Middlefield Way 2110oldmiddlefieldway
2022 2
Request for a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new gas station with 6 fueling stations, a drive-through
car wash, and a 547 square foot convenience store on a vacant
0.33-acre project site. This project is located on the northwest
corner of Old Middlefield Way and North Rengstorff Avenue in the CS
(Commercial- Service) district.
2022 4
Request for a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new gas station with 6 fueling stations, a drive-through
car wash, and a 547 square foot convenience store on a vacant
0.33-acre project site. This project is located on the northwest
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW corner of Old Middlefield Way and
North Rengstorff Avenue in the CS (Commercial- Service) district.
2022 6
Request for a Conditional Use Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new gas station with 6 fueling stations, a drive-through
car wash, and a 547 square foot convenience store on a vacant
0.33-acre project site. This project is located on the northwest
corner of Old Middlefield Way and North Rengstorff Avenue in the CS
(Commercial-Service) district.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
 " 
2023 2
 " 
---
1885 Miramonte Avenue  1885miramonteavenue
2022 2
Request for a modification to a previously-approved Conditional Use
Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit
(PL-2017-346) to add 12,800 square feet of administrative sp ace to
Building 100, totaling approximately 56,165 square feet, and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage tree on a 25-acre project
site. This project is located on the east side of Miramonte Avenue
between Cuesta Drive and Covington Drive in the R1-7.5 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
2022 4
Request for a modification to a previously approved Conditional Use
Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit
(PL-2017-346) to add 12,800 square feet of administrative space to
Building 100, totaling approximately 56,165 square feet, and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 1 Heritage tree on a 25-acre project
site. This project is located on the east side of Miramonte Avenue
between Cuesta Drive and Covington Drive in the R1-7.5 (Single-Family
Residential) district.
2022 6
Request for a modification to a previously approved Conditional Use
Permit, Planned Unit Development Permit, and Development Review Permit
(PL-2017-346) to add 12,800 square feet of administrative space to
Building 100, totaling approximately 56,165 square feet, and Heritage
Tree DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW Removal Permit to remove 1
Heritage tree on a 25-acre project site. This project is located on
the east side of Miramonte Avenue between Cuesta Drive and Covington
Drive in the R1-7.5 (Single- Family Residential) district.
2022 8
On June 22, 2022, the Zoning Administrator approved a modification to
a previously approved Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development
Permit, and Development Review Permit (PL- 2017-346) to add 12,800
square feet of administrative space to Building 100, totaling
approximately 56,165 square feet, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 1 Heritage tree on a 25-acre project site. This project is
located on the east side of Miramonte Avenue between Cuesta Drive and
Covington Drive in the R1-7.5 (Single-Family Residential) district.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
On June 22, 2022, the Zoning Administrator approved a modification to
a previously approved Conditional Use Permit, Planned Unit Development
Permit, and Development Review Permit (PL- 2017-346) to add 12,800
square feet of administrative space to Building 1 00, totaling
approximately 56,165 square feet, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 1 Heritage tree on a 25-acre project site. This project is
located on the east side of Miramonte Avenue between Cuesta Drive and
Covington Drive in the R1-7.5 (Single-Family Residential) district.
2023 2
 " 
---
1860 -2159 Landings Drive, 1014 -1058 Huff Avenue , 900 Alta Avenue, 2000 North Shoreline 18602159landingsdrive10141058huffavenue900altaavenue2000northshoreline
2020 3
Boulevard (Google Landings) Request for a Master Plan to allow for
shared parking for multiple sites; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story, 800,000 square foot
office building with one level of podium parking, and a four-level
parking structure to replace an existing office building on a 30-acre
project site; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 3 87
Heritage trees. The project encompasses three separate sites: (1) a
proposed new office building on Landings Drive south of Charleston
Road, west of Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101; (2) a
proposed new parking structure between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue at
midblock between Charleston Road and Plymouth Street; and (3) a
proposed new parking lot at 1851 Charleston Road to serve the office
building at 1875 Charleston Road north of the Landings office buil
ding. All sites are located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Boulevard (Google Landings) Request for a Master Plan to allow for
shared parking for multiple sites; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story, 800,000 square foot
office building with one level of podium parking, and a four-level
parking structure to replace an existing office building on a 30-acre
project site; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 3 87
Heritage trees. The project encompasses three separate sites: (1) a
proposed new office building on Landings Drive south of Charleston
Road, west of Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101; (2) a
proposed new parking structure between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue at
midblock between Charleston Road and Plymouth Street; and (3) a
proposed new parking lot at 1851 Charleston Road to serve the office
building at 1875 Charleston Road north of the Landings office
building. All sites are located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan. on June 3, 2020 and tentati vely scheduled for City Council on
June 23, 2020.
2022 6
Boulevard (Google Landings) On June 23, 2020, City Council approved a
Master Plan to allow for shared district parking for multiple sites in
the North Bayshore; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 6-story, 800,000 square foot office building
with o ne level of podium parking, and a four- level parking structure
to replace an existing office building on a 30-acre project site; and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 387 Heritage trees. The
project encompasses three separate sites: (1) a proposed n ew office
building on Landings Drive south of Charleston Road, west of
Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101; (2) a proposed new parking
structure between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue at midblock between
Charleston Road and Plymouth Street; and (3) a p roposed new parking
lot at 1851 Charleston Road to serve the office building at 1875
Charleston Road north of the Landings office building. All sites are
located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 8
Boulevard (Google Landings) On June 23, 2020, City Council approved a
Master Plan to allow for shared district parking for multiple sites in
the North Bayshore; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 6-story, 800,000 square foot office building
with one level of podium parking, and a four- level parking structure
to replace an existing office building on a 30-acre project site; and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 387 Heri tage trees. The
project encompasses three separate sites: (1) a proposed new office
building on Landings Drive south of Charleston Road, west of
Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101; (2) a proposed new parking
structure between Alta Avenue and Huff A venue at midblock between
Charleston Road and Plymouth Street; and (3) a proposed new parking
lot at 1851 Charleston Road to serve the office building at 1875
Charleston Road north of the Landings office building. All sites are
located in the P-39 (North B ayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 10
Boulevard (Google Landings) On June 23, 2020, City Council approved a
Master Plan to allow for shared district parking for multiple sites in
the North Bayshore; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 6-story, 800,000 square foot office building
with one l evel of podium parking, and a four- level parking structure
to replace an existing office building on a 30-acre project site; and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 387 Heritage trees. The
project encompasses three separate sites: (1) a proposed new o ffice
building on Landings Drive south of Charleston Road, west of
Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101; (2) a proposed new parking
structure between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue at midblock between
Charleston Road and Plymouth Street; and (3) a propo sed new parking
lot at 1851 Charleston Road to serve the office building at 1875
Charleston Road north of the Landings office building. All sites are
located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2022 12
Boulevard (Google Landings) On June 23, 2020, City Council approved a
Master Plan to allow for shared district parking for multiple sites in
the North Bayshore; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a 6-story, 800,000 square foot office building
with one level of podium parking, and a four- level parking structure
to replace an existing office building on a 30-acre project site; and
a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 387 Heritage trees. The
project encompasses three separate sites: (1) a proposed new office
building on Landings Drive south of Charleston Road, west of
Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101; (2) a proposed new parking
structure between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue at midblock between
Charleston Road and Plymouth Street; and (3) a proposed new parking
lot at 1851 Charleston Road to serve the office building at 1875
Charleston Road north of the Landings office building. All sites are
located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2023 2
 " 
---
1411 – 1495 West El Camino Real  14111495westelcaminoreal
2022 2
On May 7, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 53-unit condominium building
to replace three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square
feet; a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 6 Heritage t rees; and
a Tentative Map to create 53 condominium lots and one common lot on a
1.25-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 4
On May 7, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 53-unit condominium building
to replace three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square
feet; a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 6 Heritage trees; and
a Tentative Map to create 53 condominium lots and one common lot on a
1.25-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 6
On May 7, 2019, City Council approved a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 53-unit condominium building
to replace three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square
feet; a Heritage Tree Remov al Permit to remove 6 Heritage t rees; and
a Tentative Map to create 53 condominium lots and one common lot on a
1.25-acre project site. The project is located on the south side of
West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
Request for a Permit Extension for a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 53-unit condominium building
to replace three existing commercial buildings totaling 13,200 square
feet; a Herit age Tree Removal Permit to remove 6 Heritage trees; and
a Tentative Map DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW to create 53
condominium lots and one common lot on a 1.25-acre project site. The
project is located on the south side of West El Camino Real betwe en
Rich Avenue and Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2022 12
On October 12, 2022, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a Permit Extension for a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 53-unit
condominium building to replace three existing commercial buildings
totaling 13,200 square feet; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
6 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create 53 condominium lots
and one common lot on a 1.25-acre project site. The project is located
on the south side of West El Camino Real between Rich Avenue and
Mountain View Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2023 2
 " 
---
1332 Park Drive 1332parkdrive
2022 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for three small-lot, single-family homes, replacing a single-
family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage
tree, and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create three parcels and one
common lot on a 0.35-acre project site. This project is locat ed on
the north side of Park Drive between Permanente Creek and Mountain
View Ave in the R3-1 (Multi-Family Residential) district.
2022 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for three small-lot, single-family homes, replacing a single-
family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage
tree, and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create three p arcels and
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW one common lot on a 0.35-acre
project site. This project is located on the north side of Park Drive
between Permanente Creek and Mountain View Ave in the R3-1 (Multi-
Family Residential) district.
2022 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for three small- lot, single-family homes, replacing a single-
family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage
tree, and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create three p arcels and one
common lot on a 0.35-acre project site. This project is located on the
north side of Park Drive between Permanente Creek and Mountain View
Ave in the R3-1 (Multi-Family Residential) district.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
Request for a Planne d Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for three small- lot, single-family homes, replacing a single-
family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
tree s, and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create three parcels and one
common lot on a 0.35-acre project site. This project is located on the
north side of Park Drive between Permanente Creek and Mountain View
Ave in the R3-1 (Multi-Family Residential) district.
2023 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for three small- lot, single-family homes, replacing a single-
family home, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage
tree s, and a Preliminary Parcel Map to create three parcels and one
common lot on a 0.35-acre project site. This project is located on the
north side of Park Drive between Permanente Creek and Mountain View
Ave in the R3-1 (Multi-Family Residential) district.
---
1265 Montecito Avenue 1265montecitoavenue
2022 2
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Neighborhood Commercial
to High Density Residential; a Zoning Map A mendment from CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) district to the R4 (High Density
Residential) district; a Development Review Permit to construct a
5-story building with 84 affordable rental units and one manager unit
with a State Density Bonus with development waivers and at-grade
parking, replacing an existing 12,300 square foot commercial building;
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove six Heritage trees on a
1.04-acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Montecito Avenue in the CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) zoning district.
2022 4
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Neighborhood Commercial
to High Density Residential; a Zoning Map A mendment from CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) district to the R4 (High Density
Residential) district; a Development Review Permit to construct a
5-story building with 84 affordable rental units and one manager unit
with a State Dens ity Bonus with development waivers and at-grade
parking, replacing an existing 12,300 square foot commercial building;
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove six Heritage trees on a
1.04-acre project site. This project is located on the southwest cor
ner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Montecito Avenue in the CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) zoning district.
2022 6
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Neighborhood Commercial
to High Density Residential; a Zoning Map A mendment from CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) district to the R4 (High Density
Residential) district; a Development Review Permit to construct a
5-story building with 84 affordable rental units and one manager unit
with a State Density Bonus with development waivers and at-grade
parking, replacing an existing 12,300 square foot commercial building;
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove six H eritage trees on a
1.04-acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Monteci to Avenue in the CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) zoning district.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Neighborhood Commercial
to High Density Residential; a Zoning Map A mendment from CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) district to the R4 (High Density
Residential) district; a Development Review Permit to construct a
5-story building with 84 affordable rental units and one manager unit
with a State Density Bonus with a development concession and at-grade
parking, replacing an existing 12,300 square foot commercial building;
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove s ix Heritage trees on a
1.04-acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Montecito Avenue in the CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) zoning district.
2022 12
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from Neighborhood Commercial
to High Density Residential; a Zoning Map A mendment from CN
(Neighborhood Commercial) district to the R4 (High Density
Residential) district; a Development Review Permit to construct a
5-story building with 84 affordable rental units and one manager unit
with a State Density Bonus with a development concession and at-grade
parking, replaci ng an existing 12,300 square foot commercial
building; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove six H eritage
trees on a 1.04-acre project site. This project is located on the
southwest corner of North Shoreline Boul evard and Montecito Avenue in
the CN (Neighborhood Commercial) zoning district.
2023 2
On December 6, 2022, City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from Neighborhood Commercial to High Density Residential; a
Zoning Map Amendment from CN (Neighborhood Commercial) district to the
R4 (High Density Residential) district; a Development Review Permit to
construct a 5-story building with 84 affordable rental units and one
manager unit with a State Density Bonus with a development concession
and at-grade parking, replacing an existing 12,300 square foot
commercial building; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove six
Heritage trees on a 1.04- acre project site. This project is located
on the southwest corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Montecito
Avenue in the CN (Neighborhood Commercial) zoning district.
---
1155 and 1185 Terra Bella Avenue 1155and1185terrabellaavenue
2022 2
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story, 20,000
square foot office building with a surface parking lot; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to combine two lots in to one 1.3-acre project site.
2022 4
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story, 20,000
square foot office building with a surface parking lot; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to combine two lots in to one 1.3-acre pr oject site. This
project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between
North Shoreline Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) and ML (Limited Industrial) districts.
2022 6
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story, 20,000
square foot office building with a surface parking lot; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to combine two l ots in to one 1.3-acre project site. This
project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between
North Shoreline Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) and ML (Limited Industrial) districts.
2022 8
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story, 20,000
square foot office building with a surface parking lot; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to combine two lots in to one 1.3-acre project site. This
project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between
North Shoreline Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) and ML (L imited Industrial) districts.
2022 10
Request for a Development Review Permit to construct a 3-story, 20,000
square foot office building with a surface parking lot; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees; and a Lot Line
Adjustment to combine two lots in to one 1.3-acre pr oject site. This
project is located on the south side of Terra Bella Avenue between
North Shoreline Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) and ML (Limited Industrial) districts.
2022 12
On November 23, 2022, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a Development Re view Permit to construct a
3-story, 20,000 square foot office building with a surface parking
lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one 1.3-acre
project site. This project is located on the south side of Terra Bella
Avenue between North Shoreline Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the
MM (General Industrial) and ML (Limited Industrial) districts.
2023 2
On November 23, 2022, the Zoning Administrator and Subdivision
Committee jointly approved a Development Review Permit to construct a
3-story, 20,000 square foot office building with a surface parking
lot; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove three Heritage trees;
and a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two lots into one 1.3-acre
project site. This project is located on the south side of Terra Bella
Avenue between North Shoreline Boulevard and Linda Vista Avenue in the
MM (General Industrial) and ML (Limited Industrial) districts.
---
1100 La Avenida Street 1100laavenidastreet
2022 2
On July 2, 2021, the Community Development Director issued a
ministerial approval for a 4- story apartment building with 100
affordable units, including a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, and the removal of 17 Heritage trees, replacing an existing
single- story office building, on a 0.96-acre project site. This
project is locate d on the northwest corner of La Avenida Street and
Armand Drive in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Project is
subject to SB 35.
2022 4
On July 2, 2021, the Community Development Director issued a
ministerial approval for a 4- story apartment building with 100
affordable units, including a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, and the removal of 17 Heritage trees, replacing an exist ing
single- story office building, on a 0.96-acre project site. This
project is located on the northwest corner of La Avenida Street and
Armand Drive in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Project is
subject to SB 35.
2022 6
On July 2, 2021, the Community Development Director issued a
ministerial approval for a 4-story apartment building with 100
affordable units, including a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, and the removal of 17 Heritage trees, replacing an exist ing
single-story office building, on a 0.96-acre project site. This
project is located on the northwest corner of La Avenida Street and
Armand Drive in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Project is
subject to SB 35.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
On July 2, 2021, the Community Development Director issued a
ministerial approval for a 4-story apartment building with 100
affordable units, including a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, and the removal of 17 Heritage trees, replacing an existing
single-story office building, on a 0.96-acre project site. This
project is locate d on the northwest corner of La Avenida Street and
Armand Drive in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Project is
subject to SB 35.
2022 12
On July 2, 2021, the Community Development Director issued a
ministerial approval for a 4-story apartment building with 100
affordable units, including a State D ensity Bonus with development
waivers, and the removal of 17 Heritage trees, replacing an existing
single-story office building, on a 0.96-acre project site. This
project is located on the northwest corner of La Avenida Street and
Armand Drive in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Project is
subject to SB 35.
2023 2
On July 2, 2021, the Community Development Director issued a
ministerial approval for a 4-story apartment building with 100
affordable units, including a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, and the removal of 17 Heritage trees, replacing an existing
single-story office building, on a 0.96-acre project site. This
project is locate d on the northwest corner of La Avenida Street and
Armand Drive in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Project is
subject to SB 35.
---
1057, 1059, 1061 El Monte Avenue 105710591061elmonteavenue
2022 2
Request for a Conditional Use Permit for a senior care facility use, a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 90-room senior care
facility with a State Density Bonus with developm ent waivers, replac
ing three single-story commercial and medical buildings, and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove six Heritage trees and relocate
two trees on a 1.25-
2022 4
Request for a Conditional Use Permit for a senior care facility use, a
Development Review Permit to construct a 4-story, 90-room senior care
facility with a State Density Bonus with development waivers,
replacing three single-story commercial and medical b uildings, and a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove six Heritage trees and relocate
two trees on a 1.25- acre site. This project is located on the east
side of El Monte Avenue between El Camino Real and Hollingsworth Drive
in the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Re sidential) district. Project is
subject to SB 330.
2022 6
On February 23, 2022, the Zoning Administrator approved a Conditional
Use Permit for a senior care facility use, a Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 90-room senior care facility with a State
Density Bonus with development waivers, replacing three single-story
commercial and medical buildings, a nd a Heritage Tree Removal permit
to remove six Heritage trees and relocate two trees on a 1.25-acre
site. This project is located on the east side of El Monte Avenue
between El Camino Real and Hollingsworth Drive in the R3-1 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
 " 
2023 2
 " 
---
1040 Terra Bella Avenue 1040terrabellaavenue
2022 2
Request for a General Plan Text Amendment to increase allowable floor
area ratio in the General Industrial Land Use Designation; a Zoning
Map Amendment from MM (General Industrial) district to P (Planned C
ommunity) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow 6 and 4-story public storage buildings, replacing 16
existing public storage buildings, and a parking reduction to allow 75
parking spaces, in-lieu of 214 required spaces; a Heritage Tr ee
Removal Permit to remove 5 Heritage trees; and a
2022 4
Request for a General Plan Text Amendment to increase allowable floor
area ratio in the General I ndustrial Land Use Designation; a Zoning
Map Amendment from MM (General Industrial) district to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to allow 6 and 4-story public storage buildings, replacing 16
existing public storage buildings, and a parking reduction to allow 75
parking spaces, in-lieu of 214 required spaces; a Heritage Tr ee
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees; a Lot Line Adjustment to
relocate an existing lot line on a 3.7-acre project site; and a
Development Agreement to extend entitlements 7 years. The project is
located at the northwest corner of Terra Bella Avenue and San Rafael
Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
2022 6
Request for a General Plan Text Amendment to increase allowable floor
area ratio in the General Industrial Land Use Designation; a Zoning
Map Amendment from MM (General Industrial) district to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to a 6-story, 108-unit affordable housing development with a
State Density Bonus with a parking reduction and a 2-story above-grade
parking garage, replacing an existing commercial building; a Heritage
Tr ee Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees; a Lot Line
Adjustment to relocate an existing lot line on a 3.7-acre project
site; and a Development Agreement to extend entitlements 7 years. The
project is located at the northwest corner of Terra Bella Avenue and
San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
2022 8
Request for a General Plan Text Amendment to increase allowable floor
area ratio in the General Industrial Land Use Designation; a Zoning
Map Amendment from MM (General Industrial) district to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to a 6-story and 4-story per sonal storage buildings, replacing
16 existing one-story personal storage buildings, and a Provisional
use Permit for a parking reduction to allow 75 parking spaces, in lieu
of 214 required spaces on a 4.3-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees; a Lot Line Adjustment to
relocate an existing lot line to reduce the project site to 3.7-acres;
and a Development Agreement to extend entitlements 7 years. The
project is located at the northwest corner of Terra Bella Avenue a nd
San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
2022 10
Request for a General Plan Text Amendment to increase allowable floor
area ratio in the General Industrial Land Use Designation; a Zoning
Map Amendment from MM (General Industrial) district to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to a 6-story and 4-story per sonal storage buildings, replacing
16 existing one-story personal storage buildings, and a Provisional
use Permit for a parking reduction to allow 75 parking spaces, in lieu
of 214 required spaces on a 4.3-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees; a Lot Line Adjustment to
relocate an existing lot line to reduce the project site to 3.7-acres;
and a Development Agreement to extend entitlements 7 years. The
project is located at the DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW northwest
corner of Terra Bella Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2022 12
Request for a General Plan Text Amendment to increase allowable floor
area ratio in the General Industrial Land Use Designation; a Zoning
Map Amendment from MM (General Industrial) district to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to a 6-story and 4-story personal storage buildings, replacing
16 existing one-story personal storage buildings, and a Provisional
use Permit for a parking reduction to allow 75 parking spaces, in lieu
of 214 required spaces on a 4.3-acre project site; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove six Heritage trees; a Lot Line Adjustment to
relocate an existing lot line to reduce the project site to 3.7-acres;
and a Development Agreement to extend entitlements 7 years. The
project is located at the northwest corner of Terra Bella Avenue and
San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
2023 2
Request for a General Plan Text Amendment to increase allowable floor
area ratio in the General Industrial Land Use Designation; a Zoning
Map Amendment from MM (General Industrial) district to P (Planned
Community) district; a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to a 6-story and 4-story personal storage buildings, r eplacing
18 existing one-story personal storage buildings, and a Provisional
Use Permit for a parking reduction to allow 66 parking spaces, in lieu
of 209 required spaces on a 4.3-acre project site; a Lot Line
Adjustment to relocate an existing lot line to reduce the project site
to 3. 8-acres; and a Development Agreement to extend entitlements 10
years. The project is located at the northwest corner of Terra Bella
Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
---
1020 Terra Bella Avenue 1020terrabellaavenue
2022 2
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
High Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from MM (General
Industrial) district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story,
110-unit affordab le housing development with a State Density Bonus
with development waivers and a 2-story above-grade parking garage,
replacing an existing commercial building; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 1.04-acre project site. Thi s
project is located at the northwest corner of Terra Bella Avenue and
San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
2022 4
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
High Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from MM (General
Industrial) district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story,
110-unit affordable housing development with a State Density Bonus
with development waivers and a 2-story above-grade parking garage,
replacing an existing commercial building; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove one Heritage tree on a 1.04-acre project site. This
project is located at the northwest corner of Terra Bella Avenue and
San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district.
2022 6
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
High Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from MM (General
Industrial) district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story,
110-unit affordable housing development with a State Density Bonus
with development waivers and a 2-story above-grade parking garage,
replacing an existing commercial building; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove one Heritage tree on a 1.04-acre project site. This
project is located at the northwest corner of Terra Bella Avenue and
San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General Industrial) district. DEVELOPMENT
PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW
2022 8
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
High Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from MM (General
Industrial) district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned
Community Permit and Develo pment Review Permit to construct a
6-story, 110-unit affordable housing development with two manager
units and a 2-story above-grade parking garage, and a State Density
Bonus with development waivers, replacing an existing commercial
building; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage
tree on a 1.04-acre project site. This project is located at the
northwest corner of Terra Bella Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM
(General Industrial) district.
2022 10
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
High Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from MM (General
Industrial) district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story,
110-unit affordab le housing development with two manager units and a
2-story above-grade parking garage, and a State Density Bonus with
development waivers, replacing an existing commercial building; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage tree on a
1.04-acre project site. This project is located at the northwest
corner of Terra Bella Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2022 12
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
High Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from MM (General
Industrial) district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story,
110-unit affordable housing development with two manager units and a
2-story above-grade park ing garage, and a State Density Bonus with
development waivers, replacing an existing commercial building; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one Heritage tree on a
1.04-acre project site. This project is located at the northwest
corner of Terra Bella Avenue and San Rafael Avenue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
2023 2
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
High Density Residential; a Zoni ng Map Amendment from MM (General
Industrial) district to P (Planned Community) district; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story,
108-unit affordable housing development with two manager units and a
2-story above-grade parking garage, and a State Density Bonus with
development concession, replacing an existing commercial building; on
a 1.04-acre project site. This project is located at the northwest
corner of Terra Bella Avenue and San Rafael Av enue in the MM (General
Industrial) district.
---
Shashi Hotel (1625 North Shoreline Boulevard shashihotel1625northshorelineboulevard
2015 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story, 200
room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the east side of North Shoreline Boulevard on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Bouelvard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (Nor th Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan. Status/ Next Steps(s):
Under Review Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Shashi Hotel
2015 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story, 200
room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the east side of North Shoreline Boulevard on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Bouelvard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan. Status/ Next Steps(s):
Under Review. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Shashi Hotel
2015 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story, 200
room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the east side of North Shoreline Boulevard on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Bouel vard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan. Status/ Next Steps(s):
Under Review. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Scott
Plambaeck Applicant: Shashi H otel
2015 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story, 200
room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the east side of North Shoreline Boulevard on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Bouel vard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan. Status/ Next Steps(s):
Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner:
Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Shashi Hotel
2015 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story, 200
room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the east side of North Shoreline Boulevard on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Boulevard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan. Status/Next Steps(s):
Awaiting revisions. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner:
Scott Plambaeck Applicant: Shashi Hotel
2015 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a five-story, 200
room hotel and a four-level parking structure and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 4 Heritage trees on a 1.35 acre site. The
site is located on the east side of North Shoreline Boulevard on the
southeast corner of North Shoreline Boule vard and Space Park Way in
the P-39 (North Bayshore 2014) Precise Plan.
---
Downtown Precise Plan  Update downtownpreciseplanupdate
2022 2
Updates to sub areas A, G, and H in the Downtown Precise Plan
regarding design guidelines and minimal ground-floor land use changes.
The process includes public outreach, environmental review, and Study
Session s with the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council.
2022 4
 " 
2022 6
 " 
2022 8
 " 
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
 " 
---
950 West El Camino Real 950westelcaminoreal
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
for a 71-unit affordable studio apartment development, with a De nsity
Bonus Request, Provisional Use Permit for roof-top amenities above the
third floor and residential accessory uses utilizing the ground-floor
commercial setback, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight
Heritage trees on a 0.61- acre project site. This project is located
on the north side of West El Camino Real between Castro Street and Oak
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Approved Development
Projects
2019 6
On April 30, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit for a 71-unit afford able
studio apartment development with a State Density Bonus, a Provisional
Use Permit for roof-top amenities above the third floor and
residential accessory uses utilizing th e ground-floor commercial
setback, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage
trees on a 0.61-acre project site. This project is located on the
north side of We st El Camino Real bet ween Castro Street and Oak
Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Projects Under
Construction
2019 8
On April 30, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 71-unit affordable studio
apartment development, with a Density Bonus Request; a Provisional Use
Permit for roof-top amenities above the third floor and residential
accessory uses utilizing the ground-floor commercial setb ack; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees on a
0.61-acre project site. This project is located on the north side of
West El Camino Real between Castro Street and Oak Street in the P-38
(El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On April 30, 2019, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 71-unit affordable studio
apartment development, with a Density Bonus Request; a Provisional Use
Permit for roof-top amenities above the third floor and residential
accessory uses in the ground-floor commercial setback; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove eight Heritage trees on a 0.61-acre
project site. This project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real between Castro Street and Oak Street in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 3
On April 30, 2019, the City Council approved a Provision al Use Permit
for roof-top amenities above the third floor and residential accessory
uses in the ground-floor commercial setback; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 71-unit affordable studio
apartment development with a Density Bonus Request; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 0.61-acre project
site. This project is located on the north side of West El Camino Real
between Castro Street and Oak Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2020 5
On April 30, 2019, the City Council approved a Provisional Use Permit
for roof-top amenities above the third floor and residential accessory
uses in the ground-floor commercial setback; a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a 71-unit affordable studio
apartment development with a Density Bonus Request; and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 0.61-acre project
site. This project is located on the north side of West El Camino Real
between Castro Street and Oak Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
---
500 Moffett Boulevard 500moffettboulevard
2017 2
Request for annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow
multi-family residential redevelopment; a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Low Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a
Zoning Map Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned Community / Precise
Plan); a new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on
the site; and a CEQA/NEPA determination (TBD). This property is
located at the northw est corner of Moffett Boulevard and West
Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities) district. Plan on
November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key Precis e Plan to
pics.
2017 4
Request for annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow
multi-family residential redevelopment; a General Plan Amendment from
Medium-Low Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a
Zoning Map Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned Community / Precise
Plan); a new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on
the s ite; and a CEQA/NEPA determination (TBD). This property is
located at the northwest corner of Moffett Boulevard and West
Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities) district. Plan on
November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key Precis e Plan
topics.
2018 1
Annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow multi-family
residential redevelopment; a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Low
Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a Zoning Map
Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned Community / Preci se Plan); and a
new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on the si
te. This project is located at the northwest corner of Moffett
Boulevard and West Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities)
district. Plan on November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key
Precis e Plan topics. Work on the new Precise Plan is on hold pending
authorization to proceed from the applicant.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
Annexation of an approximately 17-acre parcel to allow multi-family
residential redevelopment; a General Plan Amendment from Medium-Low
Density Residential to a designation to be determined; a Zoning Map
Amendment from PRE-PF to P (Planned Commu nity / Precise Plan); and a
new Precise Plan to regulate future development activities on the si
te. This project is located at the northwest corner of Moffett
Boulevard and West Middlefield Road in the PRE-PF (Public Facilities)
district. Plan on November 29, 2016 to provide initial input on key
Precis e Plan topics. Work on the new Precise Plan is on hold pending
authorization to proceed from the applicant.
---
355, 365, 401, 415 E. Middlefield Road 355365401415emiddlefieldroad
2022 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two new five-story apartment buildings with 616 units
above podium parking garages, replacing 84,905 square-feet of office
and research buildings, and a 0.39-acre public park; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage Trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to
create two residential lots, a parcel for a future public park, and
three common parcels on an approximately 6-acre project site. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise
Plan.
2022 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two new five-story apartment buildings with 616 units
above podium parking garages, replacing 84,905 square-feet of office
and research buildings, and a 0.39-acre public park; a Heritage Tree
Removal DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UND ER REVIEW Permit to remove 23
Heritage Trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to create two residential
lots, a parcel for a future public park, and three common parcels on
an approximately 6-acre project site. This property is located on the
south side of East Middlefield Road between Ellis Street and North
Whisman Road in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two new five-story apartment buildings with 616 units
above podium parking garages, replacing 84,905 square-feet of office
and research buildings, and a 0.39-acre public park; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage Trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to
create two residential lots, a parcel for a future public park, and
three common parcels on an approximately 6-acre project site. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise
Plan.
2022 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two new five-story apartment buildings with 616 units
above podium parking garages, replacing 84,905 square-feet of office
and research buil dings, and a 0.39-acre public park; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage Trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to
create two residential lots, a parcel for a future public park, and
three common parcels on an approximately 6-acre project site. Thi s
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise
Plan.
2022 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two new five-story apartment buildings with 616 units
above podium parking garages, replacing 84,905 square-feet of office
and research buildings, and a 0.39-acre public park; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage Trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to
create two residential lots, a parcel for a future public park, and
three common parcels on an approximately 6-acre project site. This
property is located o n the south side of East Middlefield Road
between Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the P-41 (East Whisman)
Precise Plan.
2023 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct two new five-story apartment buildings with 616 units
above podium parking garages, replacing 84,905 square-feet of office
and research buildings, and a 0.39-acre public park; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage Trees; a Vesting Tentative Map to
create two residential lots, a parcel for a future public park, and
three common parcels on an approximately 6-acre project site. This
property is located on the south side of East Middlefield Road between
Ellis Street and North Whisman Road in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise
Plan.
---
268 Ada Avenue 268adaavenue
2018 11
Request for Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit to
allow three new small-lot single family homes to replace an existing
single family home and a Parcel Map for four lots on a 0.43-acre
project site. This project is located on the southwe st corner of Ada
Avenue and Brenton Court in the R2 (One and Two Family) district.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
Request for Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit to
allow three new small-lot s ingle family homes to replace one single-
family home and a Parcel Map for three lots on a 0.43- acre project
site. This project is located on the southwest corner of Ada Avenue
and Brenton Court in the R2 (One and Two Family) district.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development an d a Development Review
Permit to allow three, new small-lot single family homes to replace
one single-family home and a Parcel Map to create three lots on a
0.43-acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of Ada Avenue and Brenton Court in the R-2 (One and Two Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to construct three new small-lot s ingle family homes to replace one
single-family home and a Parcel Map to create three individual lots on
a 0.43-acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of Ada Avenue and Brenton Court in the R2 (One and Two Family)
district.
2019 10
On September 11, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Unit Development and Development Review Permit to allow three new
small-lot s ingle family homes to replace one single-family home and a
Parcel Map to create three individual lots on a 0.43- acre project
site. This project is located on the southwest corner of Ada Avenue
and Brenton Court in the R2 (One and Two Family) district.
---
260 Moffett Blvd. 260moffettblvd
2014 1
In June 2010, the Zoning Administrator approved a 2,700 square foot
two-story commercial building. Construction began in October 2013 and
is expected to be complete by March 2014.
2014 2
 " 
2014 3
 " 
2014 4
In June 2010, the Zoning Administrator approved a 2,700 square foot
two-story commercial building. Construction began in October 2013 and
is expected to be complete by May 2014.
2014 6
In June 2010, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
2,700 square foot commercial building on a 7,000 square foot lot.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expect ed to be
completed in summer 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Eric Anderson
2014 8
In June 2010, the Zoning Administrator approved a request for a new
2,700 square foot commercial building on a 7,000 square foot lot.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction is expected to be
completed in summer 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Eric Anders on
---
257 - 265 Calderon Avenue 257265calderonavenue
2018 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and a Development Review
Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse development to replace nine
existing residential units and a Heritage Tree R emoval Permit to
remove five Heritage Trees on a 0.91 acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Calderon Avenue, north of Dana Street in
the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 7
On May 8, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse
development to replace nine existing residential unit s and a Heritage
Tree R emoval Permit to remove five Heritage Trees on a 0.91 acre
project site. The project is located on the east side of Calderon
Avenue, north of Dana Street, in the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 9
On May 8, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse
development to replace nine existing residential units and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage Trees on a 0.91 acre
project site. The projec t is located on the east side of Calderon
Avenue, north of Dana Street, in the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2018 11
 " 
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
 " 
---
2025 and 2065 San Luis Avenue 2025and2065sanluisavenue
2018 9
On April 5, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 33-unit
rowhouse development on a vacant 0.93-acre project site. The project
was initially submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit devel opment
on a vacant lot at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the
adjacent 17-unit apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and
submitted revised plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both
properties.
2018 11
On April 5, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit, Development Review Permit, and Tentative Map for a new 33-unit
rowhouse development on a vacant 0.93-acre project site. The project
was initially submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on
a vacant lot at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the
adjacent 17-unit apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and
submitted revised plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both
properties.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
On April 5, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and Development Review Permit for a new 33-unit rowhouse development
on a vacant 0.93- acre project site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17- unit
apartment comp lex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project on both properties. •
Applicant: California Communities/Peninsula Communities
2019 6
On April 5, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and a Development Review Permit for a new 33-unit rowhouse development
on a vacant 0.93- acre project site. The project was initia lly
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17-unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project. Th e project site is
located on the south side of San Luis Ave between Cherokee Loop and
Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multi- Family Residential)
district.
2019 8
On April 5, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
and Development Review Permit for a new 33-unit rowhouse development
on a vacant 0.93- acre project site. The project was initially
submitted in October 2014 for a nine-unit development on a vacant lot
at 2065 San Luis Avenue. The Developer acquired the adjacent 17-unit
apartment complex site at 2025 San Luis Avenue and submitted revised
plans in August 2015 for an expanded project o n both properties.
---
1510 West El Camino Real 1510westelcaminoreal
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 3-story h otel on a 0.53- acre project site. This
project is located on the northwest corner of West El Camino Real and
Pettis Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review Permit
to construct a new 3-story hotel on a 0.53-acre project site. This
project is located on the northwest corner of West El Camino Real and
Pettis Aven ue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 3-story h otel on a 0.53-acre project site. This
project is located on the northwest corner of West El Camino Real and
Pettis Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 10
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use, a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new 3-story,
89-room hotel to replace an existing automotive shop and dog daycare
on a 0.53-acre project site; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge
parcels into one parcel. This project is located on the northwest
corner of West El Camino Real and Pettis Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2020 3
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new 3-story,
89-room hotel to replace an existing automotive shop and dog daycare
on a 0.53-acre project site; and a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two
parcels into one parcel. This project is located on the northwest
corner of West El Camino Real and Pettis A venue in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a hotel use; a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a new 3-story,
89-room hotel to replace an existing automotive shop and dog daycare
on a 0.53-acre project site; and a Lot Line Adjustment to combine two
parcels into one parcel. This project is located on the northwest
corner of West El Camino Real and Pettis Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
---
Shorebreeze Apartments  shorebreezeapartments
2017 6
Precise Plan Amendment to amend the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard)
Precise Plan to increase the allowable units from 125 to 170 units,
Planned Community Permit to demolish 12 affordable townhouse units and
replace them with 62 affordable units, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit for the removal of 18 Heritage trees on a 5.32 acre project
site. This project is located on the west side of North Shoreline
Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue in the P-5 (460
Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan.
2018 1
Request for Precise Plan Amendment s to the P-5 (460 Shoreline
Boulevard) Precise Plan, Planned Community Permit and Development
Review Permit to demolish 12 affordable units and replace them with 62
affordable units in an existing aff ordable housing community
(Shorebreeze Apartments), and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 22 Heritage trees on a 5.3 4 acre project site. The project
is located on the west side of North Shoreline Boulevard between
Montecito Avenue and Wrigh t Avenue in the P-5 (460 Shoreline
Boulevard) Precise Plan. Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2018 3
On January 30, 2018 the City Council approved a r equest for Precise
Plan Amendment s to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan,
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish 12
affordable units and replace them with 62 affordable units in an
existing affordable housing community (Shorebreeze Apartments), and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
5.3 4 acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise P lan. Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
2018 5
On January 30, 2018 the City Council approved a r equest for Precise
Plan Amendment s to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan,
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish 12
affordable units and replace them with 62 affordable units in an
existing affordable housing community (Shorebreeze Apartments), and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
5.3 4 acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan. Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
2018 7
On January 30, 2018 the City Council approved a r equest for Precise
Plan Amendment s to the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan,
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish 12
affordable units and replace them with 62 affordable units in an
existing affordable hou sing community (Shorebreeze Apartments), and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 22 Heritage trees on a
5.3 4 acre project site. The project is located on the west side of
North Shoreline Boulevard between Montecito Avenue and Wright Avenue
in the P-5 (460 Shoreline Boulevard) Precise Plan. Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
---
Paul Ryan  paulryan
2013 11
In March 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 3- unit
small-lot single- family development on 0. 38 acres. A final hearing
is anticipated in 2014.
2013 12
 " 
2014 1
 " 
2014 3
In March 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 3- unit
small-lot single- family development on 0. 38 acres. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in 2014. (Susie Pineda)
2014 4
In March 2013, Paul Ryan applied for permits to construct a 3-unit
small-lot single- family development on 0. 38 acres. A final Council
hearing is anticipated in 2014. (Susie Pineda)
---
Gateway Master Plan gatewaymasterplan
2019 6
On May 7, 2019, the City Council authorized a Scope of Work and
Contract to develop a Gateway Master Plan for the approximate 30-acre
area at Shoreline Boulevard and Highway 101 in the North Bayshore
Precise Plan area.
2019 8
On May 7, 2019, the City Council authorized a Scope of Work and
Contract to develop a Gateway Master Plan for the approximate 30-acre
area at Shoreline Boulevard/ Highway 101 in the Nor th Bayshore
Precise Plan area.
2019 10
On May 7, 2019, the City Council authorized a Scope of Work and
Contract to develop a Gateway Master Plan for the approximate 30-acre
area at Shoreline Boulevard/Highway 101 in the Nor th Bayshore Precise
Plan area. and City Council are tentatively scheduled for October 15,
2019 and November 5, 2019, respectively.
2020 3
On November 5, 2019, the City Council reviewed key concepts for the
Gateway Master Plan, which encompasses a 30-acre area at Shoreline
Boulevard/Highway 101 in the Nor th Bayshore Precise Plan area. 2020
for further consider ation of the plan.
2020 5
On November 5, 2019, the City Council reviewed key concepts for the
Gateway Master Plan, which encompasses a 30-acre area at Shoreline
Boulevard/Highway 101 in the Nor th Bayshore Precise Plan area. of the
plan are anticipated in Fall 2020.
---
865 East El Camino Real 865eastelcaminoreal
2015 5
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a four- story, 150-unit residential development with underground
parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for 15 trees on a 2.3-acre
site for SummerHill Apartment Communities. The project includes
demolition of an existing billiard hall, grocery store, and
restaurant. Lennar Multifamily Communities has purchased the site from
SummerHill. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in
November 2013 and is expected to be completed in fall 2015. Planning
Area: Grant/ Sylvan Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: Lennar
Multifamily Communities
2015 6
 " 
2015 8
 " 
2015 9
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a four- story, 150-unit residential development with underground
parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for 15 trees on a 2.3-acre
site for SummerHill Apartment Communities. The project includes
demolition of an existing billiard hall, grocery store, and
restaurant. Lennar Multifamily Communities has purchased the site from
SummerHill. is expected to be completed in fall 2015.
2015 10
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Plann ed Community Permit
for a four- story, 150-unit residential development with underground
parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for 15 trees on a 2.3-acre
site for SummerHill Apartment Communities. The project includes
demolition of an existing billiar d hall, grocery store, and
restaurant. Lennar Multifamily Communities has purchased the site from
SummerHill. is expected to be completed in October 2015.
---
779 East  Evelyn Avenue 779eastevelynavenue
2018 11
On March 1, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map
Amendmen t to rezone the property from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan
to R4 (High-Density Residential) district, a Development Review Permit
to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-
low income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove
10 Heritage trees. The project is located on the southwest corner of
East Evelyn Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30 (Sylvan-Dale)
Precise Plan.
2019 2
On March 1, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map
Amendmen t to rezone the property from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan
to R4 (High-Density Residential) dis trict, a Development Review
Permit to construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low-
and very-low income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to
remove 10 Heritage trees. The project is located on the southwest
corner of East Evelyn Av enue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30
(Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan.
2019 4
On March 1, 2016 the City Council approved a General Plan Amendment
from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, Zoning Map
Amendment to rezone the property from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan
to R4 (High-Density Residential) dis trict, a Development Review
Permit to construct a 4-story, 116- unit apartment building for low-
and very-low income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to
remove 10 Heritage trees. The project is located on the southwest
corner of East Evelyn Av enue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30
(Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On March 1, 2016, the City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industrial to High-Density Resident ial, a
Zoning Map Amendment from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan to R4 (High-
De nsity Residential) district, a Development Review Permit to
construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-low
income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10
Heritage trees on a 1.93-acre site. The project is located on the so
uthwest corner of East Evelyn Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the
P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On March 1, 2016, the City Council approved a General Plan Map
Amendment from General Industria l to High-Density Residential, a
Zoning Map Amendmen t from P-30 (Sylvan-Dale) Precise Plan to R4
(High-Density Residential) district, a Development Review Permit to
construct a 4-story, 116-unit apartment building for low- and very-low
income households, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permi t to remove 10
Heritage trees. The project is located on the southwest corner of East
Evelyn Avenue and South Bernardo Avenue in the P-30 (Sylvan-Dale)
Precise Plan.
---
714 Villa Street 714villastreet
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review Permit
to construct a new four-story, 32,800 square foot mixed-us e retail
and office building replacing an existing single-story retail and
restaurant buildin g on a 0.2-acre site. This project is located on
the northwest corner of Hope Street and Villa Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 8
Request for a Development Review Permit and Planned Community Permit
to construct a new four-story, 32,812 square foot building with 4,420
square feet of ground-floor retail and 28,392 square feet of office
with no on-site parking replacing an existing single-story commercial
building on a 0.2-acre site. This project is located on the north west
corner of Hope Street and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise
Plan.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to allow a new 4-story, 32,812 square foot building with 4,420 square
feet of ground-floor retail and 28,392 square feet of office with no
on-site parking replacing an existing single-story commercial building
on a 0.2-acre site. This project is located on the northwest corner of
Hope Street and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to allow a new 4-story, 32, 410 square foot building with 4,420 square
feet of ground-floor retail and 27,990 square feet of office with no
on-site parking replacing an existing single-story commercial building
on a 0.2-acre site. This project is located on the northwest corner of
Hope Street and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2020 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to allow a new 4-story, 32, 410 square foot building with 4,420 square
feet of ground-floor retail and 27,990 square feet of office with no
on-site parking replacing an existing single-story commercial building
on a 0.2-acre site. This project is located on the northwest corner of
Hope S treet and Villa Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
700 E. Middlefield Road  700emiddlefieldroad
2018 1
Request for a Rezoning from the ML (Limited Industrial) District to a
P (Planned Community) District to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned
Community Permit to construct three, six-story office buildi ngs, two,
six-level parking structures (with one-level below grade) and retain
three, two-story office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square
feet of office at a 28.7-acre campus for LinkedIn Corporation, to
replace two existing office buildings and su rface parking lots; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately 75 Heritage
Trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels into one
parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of East
Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) d istrict.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
Request for a Rezoning from the ML (Limited Industrial) District to a
P (Planned Community) District to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned
Community Permit to construct three, six-story office buildings, two,
six-level parking structures (with one-level below grade) and ret ain
three, two-story office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square
feet of office at a 28.7-acre campus for LinkedIn Corporation, to
replace two existing office buildings and surface parking lots; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately 75 Heritage
Trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels into one
parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of East
Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) d istrict.
2018 7
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial) Distr
ict to a P (Planned Community) d istrict to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a
Planned Community Permit to construct three, six-story office
buildings, two, six-level parking structures (with one-level below
grade) and retain three, two-story office buildings resulting in 1.08
million square feet of office at a 28.7-acre campus to replace two
existing office buildings and surface parking lots; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove approximately 75 Heritage Trees; and a Lot
Line Adjustment to merge three par cels into one parcel. The project
is located on the northeast corner of East Middlefield Road and the
SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited Industrial) d istrict.
2018 9
Request for a Zoning Map Amendment from ML (Limited Industrial)
District to a P (Planned Community) district to allow up to 0.86 FAR;
a Planned Community Permit to construct three, six-story office
buildings, two, six-level parking structures (with one-level below
grade) and retain three, two-story office buildings resulting in 1.08
million square feet of office at a 28.7-acre campus to replace two
existing office buildings and surface parking lots; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove approximately 75 Heritage Trees; and a Lot
Line Adjustment to merge three parcels into one parce l. The project
is located on the northeast corner of East Middlefield Road and the
SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited Industrial) district.
---
555 Showers Dr . 555showersdr
2013 8
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Target to
study a new 158,000 two-story Target building and 22,500 square feet
in ancillary retail buildings. A formal application is expected in
mid-September 2013, with an EPC and Council study session in the
latter half of 2013. A final Council hearing is anticipated in the
latter half of 2014 at the earliest.
2013 9
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Target to
study a new 158,000 two- story Target building and 22,500 square feet
in ancillary retail buildings. A formal application is expected in
mid- September 2013, with an EPC and Council study session in the
latter half of 2013. A final Council hearing is anticipated in the
latter half of 2014 at the earliest.
2013 10
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Target to
study a new 158,000 two-story Target building and 22,500 square feet
in ancillary retail buildings. Target submitted plans in mid-September
2013. The EPC and Council will hold study sessions in
October/November. A final Council hearing is anticipated in the latter
half of 2014 at the earliest.
2013 11
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Target to
study a new 158,000 two-story Target building and 22,500 square feet
in ancillary retail buildings. Target submitted plans in mid-
September 2013 and an EPC study session occurred on October 23, 2013.
Target is revising their plans prior to a Council study session in
early 2014. A final Council hearing is anticipated in the latter half
of 2014 at the earliest.
2013 12
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Target to
study a new 158,000 two-story Target building and 22,500 square feet
in ancillary retail buildings. Target submitted plans in mid-
September 2013 and an EPC study session occurred in Octob er 2013.
Target is revising their plans prior to a Council study session in
early 2014. A final Council hearing is anticipated in the latter half
of 2014 at the earliest.
---
500 and 550 Ellis Street 500and550ellisstreet
2022 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 6-story, 169,647 square-foot hotel with 201 guest rooms
and a 2-story, 37,611 square-foot office building, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 20 Heritage Trees, r eplacing two commercial
office buildings, on a 2.16-acre site. This project is located on the
west side of Ellis Street between National Avenue and Fairchild Drive
in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 6-story, 169,647 square-foot hotel with 201 gue st
rooms and a 2-story, 37,611 square-foot office building, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 20 Heritage Trees, replacing
two commercial office buildings, on a 2.16-acre site. This project is
located on the west side of Ellis Street between Nat ional Avenue and
Fairchild Drive in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2022 10
 " 
2022 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 6-story, 169,647 square-foot hotel with 201 guest rooms
and a 2-story, 37,611 square-foot office building, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 14 Heritage Trees, r eplacing two commercial
office buildings, on a 2.16-acre site. This project is located on the
west side of Ellis Street between National Avenue and Fairchild Drive
in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
2023 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 6-story, 168,849 square-foot hotel with 201 guest rooms
and a 2-story, 37,611 square-foot office building, and a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 14 Heritage Trees, replacing two commercial
office buildings, on a 2.16-acre site. This project is located on the
west side of Ellis Street between National Avenue and Fairchild Drive
in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
---
455 San Antonio Rd . 455sanantoniord
2013 8
In June 2011, Council approved a project to construct 330 apartment
units, a 65,000 square foot Safeway building and three retail tenant
buildings totaling 26,200 square foot for MGP. The Safeway opened in
April 2013, and the remainder of the apartments and retail spaces will
obtain final occupancy through the beginning of 2014. (San Antonio
Planning Area)
2013 9
In June 2011, Council approved 330 apartment units, a 65,000 square
foot Safeway building and 69,000 square feet of restaurant and retail
space. The Safeway opened in April 2013, and the remainder of the
apartments and retail spaces will obtain final occupancy through the
beginning of 2014. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2013 10
In June 2011, Council approved 330 apartment units, a 65,000 square
foot Safeway building and 69,000 square feet of restaurant and retail
space. The Safeway opened in April 2013, and the remainder of the
apartments and retail spaces will obtain final occupancy through the
beginning of 2014.
2013 11
In June 2011, Council approved 330 apartment units, a 65,000 square
foot Safeway building and 69,000 square feet of restaurant and retail
space. The Safeway opened in April 2013, and the remainder of the
apartments and retail spaces will obtain final occupancy through the
beginning of 2014. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2013 12
In June 2011, Council approved 330 apartment units, a 65,000 square
foot Safeway building and 69,000 square feet of restaurant and retail
space. The Safeway opened in April 2013, and the remainder of the
apartments and retail spaces will obtain final occupancy through the
beginning of 2014.
---
383 Castro Street 383castrostreet
2018 1
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 33,801 square foot commercial building with 25,090
square feet of office over 8,701 square feet of retail to replace a
1,900 square foot restaurant (Bierhaus) on a 0.26 acre project site.
The project is located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and
California Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 3
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 33,801 square foot commercial building with 25,090
square feet of office over 8,701 square feet of retail to replace a
1,900 square foot restaurant (Bierhaus) on a 0.26 acre project site.
The project is located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and
California Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Pl an.
2018 5
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 33,801 square foot commercial building with 25,090
square feet of office over 8,701 square feet of retail to replace a
1,900 square foot restaurant (Bierhaus) on a 0.26 acre project site.
The project is located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and
California Street i n the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 7
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 33,801 square foot commercial building with 25,090
square feet of office over 8,701 square feet of retail to replace a
1,900 square foot restaurant (Bierhaus) on a 0.26 acre project site.
The project is located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and
California Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Pl an.
2018 9
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 33,801 square fo ot commercial building with 25,090
square feet of office over 8,701 square feet of retail to replace a
1,900 square foot restaurant (Bierhaus) on a 0.26 acre project site.
The project is located on the northeast corner of Castro Street and
California Stree t in the P- 19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
365 - 405 San Antonio Road and 2585  - 2595 California Street  365405sanantonioroadand25852595californiastreet
2022 6
Request for Amendments to the San Antonio Precise Plan, a Master Plan,
a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
7-story, 182,352 square foot commercial building with 150,000 square f
eet of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) from the Los Altos School
District TDR Program and a shared parking reduction; a Provisional Use
Permit to allow an office use; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove five Heritage trees; a Development Agreement to extend
entitlements for 7 years; and a Lot Line Adju stment to remove one lot
line to combine two parcels into one parcel on a 0.99-acre project
site. This project is located on the southeast corner of San Antonio
Road and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2022 8
Request for Amendments to the San Antonio Precise Plan, a Master Plan,
a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
7-story, 182,352 square foot commercial building with 150,000 square f
eet of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) from the Los Altos School
District TDR Program and a shared parking reduction; a Provisional Use
Permit to allow an office use; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove five Heritage trees; a Development Agreement to extend
entitlements for 7 years; and a Lot Line Adjustment to remove one lot
line to combine two parcels into one pa rcel on a 0.99-acre project
site. This project is located on the southeast corner of San Antonio
Road and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2022 10
Request for Amendments to the San Antonio Precise Plan, a Master Plan,
a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
7-story, 182,352 square foot commercial building with 150,000 square f
eet of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) from the Los Altos School
District TDR Program and a shared parking reduction; a Provisional Use
Permit to allow an office use; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove five Heritage trees; a Development Agreement to extend
entitlements for 7 years; and a Lot Line Adjustment to remove one lot
line to combine two parcels into one parcel on a 0.99-acre project
site. This project is located on the southeast corner of San Antonio
Road and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2022 12
Request for Amendments to the San Antonio Precise Plan, a Master Plan,
a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
7-story, 182,352 square foot commerc ial building with 150,000 square
f eet of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) from the Los Altos
School District TDR Program and a shared parking reduction; a
Provisional Use Permit to allow an office use; a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove five Heritage trees; a Development Agreement to
extend entitlements for 7 years; and a Lot Line Adjustment to remove
one lot line to combine two parcels into one parcel on a 0.99-acre
project site. This project is located on the southeast corner of San
Antonio Road and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2023 2
Request for Amendments to the San Antonio Precise Plan, a Master Plan,
a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new
7-story, 182,352 square foot commercial building with 150,000 square f
eet of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) from the Los Altos School
District TDR Program and a shared parking reduction; a Provisional Use
Permit to allow an office use; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove five Heritage trees; a Development Agreement to extend
entitlements for 7 years; and a Lot Line Adjustment to remove one lot
line to combine two parcels into one pa rcel on a 0.99-acre project
site. This project is located on the southeast corner of San Antonio
Road and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
---
303 Ravendale Drive 303ravendaledrive
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights
for a new six-story, 181,000 square- foot office building and a three-
story parking structure on a 4.15-acre project site. This project i s
located on the east side of Ravendale Drive, between Central
Expressway and Ravendale Drive, in the ML (Limited Industrial)
district. Approved Development Projects
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights
for a new six-story, 181,000 square- foot office building and a three-
level parking structure on a 4.15-acre project site. This project i s
located on the east side of Ravendale Drive, between Central
Expressway and Ravendale Drive, in the ML (Limited Industrial)
district.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit an d a Development Review
Permit, and Los Altos School District (LASD) Transfer of Development
Rights for a new six-story, 181,000 square-foot office building and a
three-level p arking structure on a 4.15-acre project site. This
project is located on the east side of Ravendale Drive, between
Central Expressway and Ravendale Drive, in the ML (Limited Industrial)
district.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review
Permit, and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights
for a new six-story, 181,000 square- foot office building and a three-
level parking structure on a 4.15-acre project site. This project is
located on the east side of R avendale Drive, between Central
Expressway and Ravendale Drive, in the ML (Limited Industrial)
district.
2019 10
Request for Informal Review of a Planned Community Permit and a
Development Review Permit, and Los Altos School District Transfer of
Development Rights for additional square footage to allow a new six-
story, 181,000 square-foot office building and a three-level parking
structure, replacing an existing commercial building, on a 4.15-acre
project site. This project is located on the east side of Ravendale
Drive, between Central Expressway and Ravendale Drive, in the ML
(Limited I ndustrial) district.
---
301-381 East Evelyn Avenue 301381eastevelynavenue
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights square
footage for a new 125,000 square foot, three-story of fice building
and a nine-story garage, on a 16.6-acre site. This project is located
on the southerly side of East Evelyn Avenue, between Ferry Morse Way
and State Route 237.
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit, Development Review Permit, and
Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights square
footage for a new 125,000 square foot, three-story office building and
a six-level parking garage on a 16.6- acre site. This project is
located on the southerly side of East Evelyn Avenue, between Ferry
Morse Way and State Route 237.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District (LASD) Transfer of Deve lopment Rights
square footage for a new 125,000 square foot, three-story office
building and a six-level parking garage on a 16.6-acre site. This
project is located on the southerly side of East Evelyn Avenue,
between Ferry Morse Way and State Route 237.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit, a Development Review Permit,
and Los Altos School District Transfer of Development Rights square
footage for a new three-story, 125,000 square foot office building and
a six-level parking garage to replace surface parking lots on a
16.6-acre site. This project is located on the southerly side of East
Evelyn Avenue, between Ferry Morse Way and State Route 237.
2019 10
Request for Informal Review of a Planned Community Permit, a
Development Review Permit, and Los Altos School District Transfer of
Development Rights for additional square footage for a new three-
story, 125,000 square foot office building and a six-level parking
garage to replace surface parking lots on a 16.6-acre site. This
project is located on the southerly side of East Evelyn Avenue,
between Ferry Morse Way and State Route 237.
---
257 - 279 Calderon Avenue 257279calderonavenue
2019 6
On May 8, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse
development to replace nine existing residential units and a Heritage
Tr ee Removal Permit to remove five Heritage Trees on a 0.91-acre
project site. The project is located on the east side of Calderon
Avenue, north of Dana Street, in the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
On May 8, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse
development to replace nine existing residential units and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 0.91-acre
project site. The project is located on the east side of Calderon
Avenue, north of Dana Street, in the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 10
 " 
2020 3
On May 8, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse
development to replace nine existing residential units and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 0.91-acre
projec t site. The project is located on the east side of Calderon
Avenue, north of Dana Street, in the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2020 5
On May 8, 2018, the City Council approved a Planned Unit Development
Permit and a Development Review Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse
development to replace nine existing residential units and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 0.91-acre
project site. The project is located on the east side of Calderon
Avenue, north of Dana Street, in the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
---
250 M ayfield  Ave. 250mayfieldave
2014 10
In May, 2014, Google Inc. submitted a request for façade and site
improvements for an amenities building on a 17.3 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in August 2014 and
is expected to be completed in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma
Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 11
In May, 2014, Google Inc. submitted a request for façade and site
improvements for an amenities building on a 17.3 acre site.
Status/Next Step( s): Approved. Construction began in August 2014 and
is expected to be completed in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma
Planner: Margaret Netto
2014 12
In May, 2014, Google Inc. submitted a request for façade and site
improvements for an amenities building on a 17.3 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in August 2014 and
is expected to be completed in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma
Planner: Margaret Netto
2015 1
 " 
2015 2
In May, 2014, Google Inc. submitted a request for façade and site
improvements for an amenities building on a 17.3 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in August 2014 and
is expected to be completed in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma
Planner: Stephanie Williams
---
2500 Grant Road  2500grantroad
2019 2
On June 22, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-stall addition to the existing North
Parking Garag e; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and relocate 1 7 Heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital
campus. The project includes demolition of the following existing
buildings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health building, a 260,000
square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square foot
North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main Hospital) and
removal of 220 surface parking stalls.
2019 4
On June 22, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7- story, 26 5,000 square foot medical office
building, a new 5- level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the
new medical office building, and 4- level, 430-stall addition to the
existing North Parking Garag e; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to
remove 40 Heritage trees and relocate 1 7 Heritage trees on the
40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition of the
following existing buildings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health
building, a 260,000 square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an
80,500 square foot North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main
Hospital) and removal of 220 surface parking stalls.
2019 6
On June 22, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral he alth
building, a new 7-story, 265,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-sta ll addition to the existing
North Parking Garage; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and relocate 17 Heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital
camp us. The project includes demolition of the following existing
buildings: a 16,000 square f oot behavioral health building, a 260,000
square foot Old Main Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square foot
North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main Hospital) an d
removal of 220 surface parking stalls. The project site is located on
the west side of Grant Road between North and South Drives in the P-24
(El Camino Medical Park) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On June 22, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-stall addition to the existing North
Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and relocate 1 7 Heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital
campus. The project includes demolition of the following existing
buildings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health building, a 260,000
square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square foot
North Addition Building (adja cent to the Old Main Hospital) and
removal of 220 surface parking stalls. The project site is located on
El Camino Hospital campus in the P-24 (El Camino Medical Park) Precise
Plan.
2019 10
On June 22, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
to construct a new 2-story, 56,000 square foot behavioral h ealth
building, a new 7-story, 26 5,000 square foot medical office building,
a new 5-level, 390-stall parking structure adjacent to the new medical
office building, and 4-level, 430-stall addition to the existing North
Parking Garage; and a Heritag e Tree Removal Permit to remove 40
Heritage trees and relocate 1 7 Heritage trees on the 40-acre hospital
campus. The project includes de molition of the following existing
buildings: a 16,000 square foot behavioral health building, a 260,000
square foot Old M ain Hospital Building, and an 80,500 square foot
North Addition Building (adjacent to the Old Main Hospital) and
removal of 220 surface parking stalls. The project site is located on
El Camino Hospital campus in the P-24 (El Camino Medical Park) Precise
Plan.
---
2246 El Camino Real W. 2246elcaminorealw
2013 12
In July 2012, the Zoning Administrator approved a site and façade
improvements and a 1,300 square foot addition to an existing
commercial building for a childcare center. Construc tion started in
summer 2013 and will be complete January 2014. (Central Neighborhoods
Planning Area)
2014 1
In July 2012, the Zoning Administrator approved a site and façade
improvements and a 1,300 square foot addition to an existing
commercial building for a childcare center. Construction started in su
mmer 2013 and will be complete January 2014. (Central Neighborhoods
Planning Area)
2014 2
In July 2012, the Zoning Administrator ap proved a site and façade
improvements and a 1,300 square foot addition to an existing
commercial building for a childcare center. Construction started in
summer 201 3 and will be complete February 2014. (Central
Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2014 3
In July 2012, the Zoning Administrator approved a site and façade
improvements and a 1,300 square foot addition to an existing
commercial building for a childcare center. Construction started in
summer 2013 and will be complete March 2014. (Central Neighborhoods
Planning Area)
2014 4
In July 2012, the Zoning Administrator approved a site and façade
improvements and a 1,300 square foot addition to an existing
commercial building for a childcare center. Construction started in
summer 2013 and will be complete April 2014. (Central Neighborhoods
Planning Area)
---
2065 San Luis Avenue 2065sanluisavenue
2015 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new nine-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93- acre site. Status/Next Steps: Under
review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Nancy
Minicucci Applicant: San Luis Ave, LP Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2015 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new nine-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93- acre site. Status/Next Steps: Under
review. Planning Are a: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Mariya
Hodge Applicant: San Luis Ave, LP Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2015 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new nine-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93- acre site. Status/Next Steps: Under
review. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Pla nner: Mariya
Hodge Applicant: San Luis Ave, LP Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2015 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new nine-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93- acre site. Status/Next Steps:
Incomplete; awaiting revisions. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: Californai
Communities/Peninsula Communities Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2015 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review
Permit, and Tentative Tract Map for a new nine-unit rowhouse
development on a vacant 0.93- acre site. Status/Next Steps:
Incomplete; awaiting revisions. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Mariya Hodge Applicant: Californ ia
Communities/Peninsula Communities Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
---
TMG Partners (625 – 685 Clyde tmgpartners625685clyde
2014 10
Ave.) In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a
Rezoning from ML-T (Limited Industrial-Transit Overlay District) to P
(Planned Community) District, to allow up to a 1.0 FAR; and a Planned
Community Permit to construct two 192,865 square feet six-story office
buildings, and two, six-level parking structures; as well as a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 8 heritage trees on an
8.85-acre lot, located on the east side of Clyde Avenue south of
Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began in
October 2013 and is expected to be completed by December 2014.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 11
Ave.) In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a
Rezoning from ML-T (Limited Industrial-Transit Overlay District) to P
(Planned Community) District, to allow up to a 1.0 FAR; and a Planned
Community Permit to construct two 192,865 square feet six-story office
buildings, and two, six-level parking structures; as well as a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 8 her itage trees on an
8.85-acre lot, located on the east side of Clyde Avenue south of
Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began in
October 2013 and is expected to be completed by December 2014.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2014 12
Ave.) In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a
Rezoning from ML-T (Limited Industrial-Transit Overlay District) to P
(Planned Community) District, to allow up to a 1.0 FAR; and a Planned
Community Permit to construct two 192,865 square feet six-story office
buildings, and two, six-level parking structures; as well as a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 8 heritage trees on an
8.85-acre lot, located on the east side of Clyde Avenue south of
Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began in
October 2013 and is expected to be completed by December 2014.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
2015 1
Ave.) In March 2013, the City Council approved a r equest for a
Rezoning from ML-T (Limited Industrial-Transit Overlay District) to P
(Planned Community) District, to allow up to a 1.0 FAR; and a Planned
Community Permit to construct two 192,865 square feet six-story office
buildings, and two, six-level parking structures; as well as a
Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove 8 heritage trees on an
8.85-acre lot, located on the east side of Clyde Avenue south of
Fairchild Drive. Status/Next Step (s): Approved. Construction began in
October 2013 and is expected to be completed early 2015. Planning
Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
---
PSAI Realty Partners  psairealtypartners
2013 5
In March 2010, C ouncil approved a 48,000 sq uare foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction is underway.
Completion is expected by spring 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning
Area)
2013 6
In March 2010, Council approved a 48,000 squ are foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction began in
December 2012 and completion is expected by spring 2014.
2013 7
In March 2010, Council approved a 48,000 sq uare foot three-story
office building for PSAI Realty Partners. Construction began in
December 2012 and c ompletion is expected by summer 2014.
2013 8
 " 
---
North of California Street Master Plan (2580 & 2590 California Street/201 San northofcaliforniastreetmasterplan25802590californiastreet201san
2018 1
Antonio Circle) Request for a Master Plan, Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85 FAR mixed-use
development with 642 residenti al units and approximately 20,000
square feet of commercial space with below-grade parking to replace an
existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square feet of
existing retail, a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one lot,
and a Heri tage Tree Removal Permit to remove 82 trees on an 8.63-acre
project site. These properties comprise the North of California Street
Master Plan Area and are located on the north side of California
Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San
Antonio) Precise Plan. 2016 including EPC and City Council study
sessions. A formal application was submitted in February 2017 and is
under review.
2018 3
Antonio Circle) Request for a Master Plan, Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85 FAR mixed-use
development with 642 residential units and approximately 20,000 square
feet of commercial space with below-grade parking to replace an
existing 70,000 square foo t office building and 53,000 square feet of
existing retail, a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one lot,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 82 trees on an 8.63-acre
project site. These properties comprise the North of California Street
Master Plan Area and are located on the north side of California
Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San
Antonio) Precise Plan. 2016 including EPC and City Council study
sessions. A formal application was submitted in February 2017 and is
under review.
2018 5
Antonio Circle) Request for a Master Plan, Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a 1.85 FAR mixed-use
development with 632 residential units and approximately 20,000 square
feet of commercial space wi th below-grade parking to replace an
existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000 square feet of
existing retail, a Lot Line Adjustment to merge two lots into one lot,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees on an
8.63-acre project site. These properties comprise the North of
California Street Master Plan Area and are located on the north side
of California Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the
P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. considered by the EPC on June 6, 2018
and by the City Council June 26, 2018.
2018 7
Antonio Circle) On June 26, 2018, the City Council approved a Master
Plan, Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 1.85 FAR mixed-use development with 632 residential units
and approximately 20,000 square feet of commercial space wi th below-
grade parking to replace an existing 70,000 square foot office
building and 53,000 square feet of existing retail, a Lot Line
Adjustment to merge two lots into one lot, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 78 Heritage trees on an 8.63-acre project site. These
properties comprise the North of California Street Master Plan Area
and are located on the north side of California Street between San
Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
---
Historic Preservation Ordinance and Register Update: historicpreservationordinanceandregisterupdate
2022 8
The Historic Preservation Ordinance and Register Update includes
updating the City zoning standards regarding historic resources and
the Mountain View Register of Historic Resources list, which
identifies all historically significant properties in the City. The
update include s the creation of a Historic Context Statement, a
citywide survey to i dentify eligible historic resources and consider
nominations for Castro Street buildings on the National Historic
Register. The process includes public outreach and Study Sessions with
the Environmental Planning Commission and City Council.
2022 10
The Historic Preservation Ordinance and Register Update includes
updating the City zoning standards regarding historic resources and
the Mountain View Register of Historic Resources, which identifies all
historically significant properties in the City. The update include s
the creation of a Historic Context Statement, a citywide survey to
identi fy eligible historic resources and consider nominations for
Castro Street buildings on the National Historic Register. The process
includes public outreach and Study Sessions with the Environmental
Planning Commission and City Council.
2022 12
The Historic Preservation Ordinance and Register Update includes
updating the City zoning standards regarding historic resources and
the Mountain View Register of Historic Resources, which identifies all
historically significant properties in the City. The update include s
the creation of a Historic Context Statement, a citywide survey to
identify eligible historic resources and consider nominations for
Castro Street buildings on the National Historic Register. The process
includes public outreach and Study Sessions with the Environmental
Planning Commission and City Council.
2023 2
The Historic Preservation Ordinance and Register Update includes
updating the City zoning standards regarding historic resources and
the Mountain View Register of Historic Resources, which identifies all
historically significant properties in the City. The update inclu des
the creation of a Historic Context Statement, a citywide survey to
identify eligible historic resources and consider nominations for
Castro Street buildings on the National Historic Register. The process
includes public outreach and Study Sessions wit h the Environmental
Planning Commission and City Council.
---
Health Implementation Report healthimplementationreport
2013 5
In August 2012, work began on the Health Implementation Report, which
will list out the City’s current health-related activities and look
for opportunities to fill needs and gaps in those activities. The
report is an implemen tation action of the 2030 General Plan. Silicon
Valley Trust grants were received to fund the report. The report will
be completed in 2013. (Eric Anderson) Attachments: 1. May 2013 –
Planning Division Update Map
2013 6
In August 2012, work began on the Heal th Implementation Report, which
will list out the City’s current health-related ac tivities and look
for opportunities to fill needs and gaps in those activities. Th e
report is an implementation action of the 2030 General Plan. Silicon
Valley Trust grants were received to fund the report. The report will
be completed in summer 2013. (Eric Anderson) Attachments: 1. June 2013
– Planning Division Update Map
2013 7
In August 2012, work began on the Health Implementation Report, which
will list out the City’s current health-related a ctivities and look
for opportunities to fill needs and gaps in those activities. The
report is an implementation action of the 2030 General Plan. Silicon
Valley Trust grants were received to fund the report. The report will
be completed in summer 2013. (Eric Anderson) Attachments: 1. July 2013
– Planning Division Update Map
2013 8
In August 2012, work began on the Health Implementation Report, which
will list out the City’s current health-related activities and look
for opportunities to fill needs and gaps in those activ ities. The
report is an implementation action of the 2030 General Plan. Silicon
Valley Trust grants were received to fund the report. The report will
be completed in summer 2013. (Eric Anderson) Attachments: 1. August
2013 – Planning Division Update Map
---
Downtown Precise Plan downtownpreciseplan
2019 8
On June 25, 2019, the City Council authorized city staff to prepare a
scope of work for a consultant team to assist in analyzing potential
revisions to Precise Plan Sub Areas A, G, and H regarding design
guidelines, feasibility of a historic district overlay and minimal
ground-floor land use changes. Once the scope of work is authorized by
Coun cil, the process is anticipated to take 18 months and include
public outreach, environmental review, and Study Sessions with EPC and
City Council. Development Projects Under Review
2019 10
On June 25, 2019, the City Council authorized city staff to prepare a
Scope of Work for a consultant team to analyz e potential revisions to
sub-areas A, G, and H in the Downtown Precise Plan regarding design
guidelines, feasibility of a historic district overlay, and minimal
ground-floor land use changes. Once the scope of work is authorized by
Council, the process is a nticipated to take 18 months and include
public outreach, environmental review, and Study Sessions with EPC and
City Council. City Council for authorization in Late 201 9/Early 2020.
Development Projects Under Review
2020 3
On June 25, 2019, the City Council authorized city staff to prepare a
Scope of Work for a consultant team to analyz e potential revisions to
sub-areas A, G, and H in the Downtown Precise Plan regarding design
guidelines, feasibility of a historic district overlay, and minimal
ground-floor land use changes. The process is anticipated to take 18
months and include public outreach, environmental review, and Study
Sessi ons with EPC and City Council. in 2020 for further dire ction.
2020 5
On June 25, 2019, the City Council authorized city staff to prepare a
Scope of Work for a consultant team to analyz e potential revisions to
sub-areas A, G, and H in the Downtown Precise Plan regarding design
guidelines, feasibility of a historic district overlay, and minimal
ground-floor land use changes. The process is anticipated to take 18
months and include public outreach, environmental review, and Study
Sessi ons with EPC and City Council. are anticipated in Fall 2020.
---
Charleston East  (2000 North Shoreline Boulevard charlestoneast2000northshorelineboulevard
2018 1
On March 8, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 595,000 square foot, two-story,
office building under a canopy structure and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre project site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2018 3
 " 
2018 5
 " 
2018 7
On March 8, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit for a 595,000 square foot, two-story,
office building under a canopy structure and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit on a vacant 18.6 acre proje ct site. The project is located on
the northwest corner of Charleston Road and North Shoreline Boulevard
in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
---
749 W est El Camino Real 749westelcaminoreal
2022 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new mixed-use development with 299 rental units, 25,335
square feet of ground-floor retail, and two levels of underground
parking with a State Density Bonus with development waivers, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage trees, replacing an
existing bank building and surface parking lot, on a 3.1-acre project
site. This project is located on the southeast corner of West El Cami
no Real and Castro Street in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 10
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new mixed- use development with 299 rental units,
25,335 square feet of ground-floor retail, and two levels of
underground parking with a State Density Bonus with development
waivers, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage
trees, replacing an existing bank building and surface parking lot, on
a 3.1-acre project site. This project is located on the southeast
corner of West El Cami no Real and Castro Street in the P-38 (El
Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new mixed- use development with 299 rental units,
25,335 square feet of ground-floor retail, and two levels of
underground parking with a State Density Bonus with developmen t
waivers, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage
trees, replacing an existing bank building and surface parking lot, on
a 3.1-acre project site. This project is located on the southeast
corner of West El Camino Real and Castro Street in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2023 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new mixed- use development with 299 rental units,
25,335 square feet of ground-floor retail, and two levels of
underground parking with a State Density Bonu s with development
waivers, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 23 Heritage
trees, replacing an existing bank building and surface parking lot, on
a 3.1-acre project site. This project is located on the southeast
corner of West El Camino Real and Castro Street in the P-38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
---
517-535 Thompson Avenue 517535thompsonavenue
2019 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a 16- unit rowhouse development and a Heritage T ree Removal P
ermit to remove five Heritage trees on a 1.06- acre project site. This
project is located on the east side of Thompson Avenue between
Junction Avenue and Jane Lane in the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development an d a Development Review
Permit for a 16-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage Tree Remo val
Permit to remove five Heritage trees on a 1.06-acre project site. This
project is lo cated on the east side of Thompson Avenue between
Junction Avenue and Jane Lane in the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a 16-unit rowhouse development and a Heritage T ree Removal P
ermit to remove five Heritage trees on a 1. 06-acre project site. This
project is located on the east side of Thompson Avenue between
Junction Avenue and Jane Lane in the R3-2.5 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
2019 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to allow 16 new rowhouse s to replac e 16 apartment units, and a
Heritage T ree Removal P ermit to remove five Heritage trees on a
1.06-acre project site. This project is located on the east side of
Thompson Avenue between Junction Avenue and Jane Lane in the R3-2.5
(Multiple-Family Residential) district.
---
45 W. El Camino Real 45welcaminoreal
2022 6
On June 12, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the redevelopment
of the existing service station with a new service station and
convenience store, Provisional Use Permit to allow a service s tation
use, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.64 acre project site; and a determination that
the project is categorically exempt pursuant to Section 15302 of the
CEQA Guidelines ("Replacement or Reconstruction"). This project is
located at the southwest corner of Grant Road and West El Camino Real
in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 8
On June 12, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the redevelopment
of the existing service station with a new service station and
convenience store, Provisional Use Permit to allow a service station
use, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.64 acre project site. Thi s project is located
at the southwest corner of Grant Road and West El Camino Real in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 10
On June 12, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the redevelopment
of the existing service station with a new service station and
convenience store, Provisional Use Permit to allow a service station
use, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage tree s on a 0.64 acre project site. This project is located
at the southwest corner of Grant Road and West El Camino Real in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2022 12
On June 12, 2019, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the redevelopment
of the existing service station with a new service station and
convenience store, Provisional Use Permit to allow a service s tation
use, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of three
Heritage trees on a 0.64-acre project site. This project is located at
the southwest corner of Grant Road and West El Camino Real in the P-38
(El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
286 West El Camino Re al 286westelcaminoreal
2018 11
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 2,127 s quare foot fast food restaurant with a
drive-through, a Provisional Use Permit to allow a drive-through se
rvice use, and a parking reduction of 20 parking spaces in lieu of the
required 21 spaces, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 0.44-acre project site. This project is located on
the north side of West El Camino Real between Ehrhorn Avenue and
Calderon Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Approved
Development Projects
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 2,127 s quare foot fast food restaurant with a
drive-through, a Provisional Use Permit to allow a drive-through
service use, and a parking reduction of 20 parking spaces in lieu of
the required 21 spaces, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
one Heritage tree on a 0.44-acre project site. This project is located
on the north side of West El Camino Real between Ehrhorn Avenue and
Calderon Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review Permit
to construct a new 2,127 square foot fast f ood restaurant with a
drive-thro ugh, a Provisional Use Permit to allow a drive-through
service use, and a p arking reduction of 20 spaces in lieu of the
required 21 spaces, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 0.44-acre project site. This project is located on
the north side of West El Camino Real between Ehrhorn Avenue and
Calderon Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 8
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow a drive-through service
use and a parking reduction of 20 parking spaces, in lieu of the
required 21 spaces, a Planned Community Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct a new 2,127 s quare foot fast food restaurant with
a drive-through, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove one
Heritage tree on a 0.44-acre project site. This project is located on
the north side of West El Camino Real between Ehrhorn Avenue and
Calderon Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
2650 El Camino Real W. 2650elcaminorealw
2015 2
In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story, 193-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking on a 2.91-acre
project site replacing the former 60-unit San Antonio Inn motel, and
5,600 square feet of commercial space. Link to Developer’s Website:
http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-boulevard
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February 2013 and
is expected to be completed by March 2015. Project Planner: Melinda
Denis
2015 4
In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story, 193-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking on a 2.91-acre
project site replacing the former 60-unit San Antonio Inn motel, 5,600
square feet of commercial space, removal of six Heritage trees and
relocation of two Heritage trees on-site. Link to Developer’s Website:
http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-boulevard
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February 2013 and
is expected to be completed by March 2015. Project Planner: Melinda
Denis Applicant: SummerHill Apartment Communities
2015 5
In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story, 193-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking on a 2.91-acre
project site replacing the former 60-unit San Antonio Inn motel, 5,600
square feet of commercial space, removal of six Heritage trees and
relocation of two Heritage trees on-site. Link to Developer’s Website:
http://www.shapartments.com/communities/active/domus-on-the-boulevard
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February 2013 and
is expected to be completed by May 2015. Project Planner: Melinda
Denis Applicant: SummerHill Apartment Communities
2015 6
In June 2012, the City Council approved a four-story, 193-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking on a 2.91-acre
project site replacing the former 60-unit San Antonio Inn motel, 5,600
square feet of commercial space, removal of six Heritage trees and
relocation of two Heritage trees on-site. Link to Developer’s Website:
http://www.shapartments.c om/communities/active/domus-on-the-boulevard
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction began in February 2013 and
is expected to be completed by June 2015. Project Planner: Melinda
Denis Applicant: SummerHill Apartment Communities
---
2400 – 2700 Charleston Rd 24002700charlestonrd
2022 8
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to convert three existing vacant
warehouse retail buildings into an research and development use; a
Development Review Permit to add 6,013 square feet to existing
mezzanine levels in two buildings as additional floor area, totaling 1
08,474 square feet on-site, and site and landscaping improvements on a
10.98 acre site with five existing retail buildings and surface
parking. This project is located north of Charleston Road and between
Industrial Avenue and US 101 freeway in the MM-40 (General Industrial)
district.
2022 10
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to convert three existing vacant
warehouse retail buildings into an research and development use; a
Development Review Permit to add 6,013 square feet to existing
mezzanine levels in two buildings as additional floor ar ea, totaling
108,474 square feet on-site, and site and landscaping improvements on
a 10.98 acre site with five existing retail buildings and surface
DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW parking. This project is located
north of Charleston Road and between Industrial Avenue and US 101
freeway in the MM-40 (General Industrial) district.
2022 12
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to convert three existing vacant
warehouse retail buildings into an research and development office
use; a Development Review Permit to add 6,013 square feet to existing
mezzanine levels in two buildings as additional f loor area, totaling
108,474 square feet on- site, and site and landscaping improvements on
a 10.98 acre site with five existing retail buildings and surface
parking. This project is located north of Charleston Road and between
Industrial Avenue and US 101 f reeway in the MM-40 (General
Industrial) district.
2023 2
 " 
---
2268 West  El Camino R eal 2268westelcaminoreal
2019 4
On February 28, 2017 the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking and 4 single-
story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham Street to
replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on a 2.6
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real and the south side Lath am Street between Ortega Avenue
and South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On February 28, 2017, the City Council ap proved a Planned Community
Permit and a Development Review Permit for a new 3- to 4-st ory,
204-unit residential apartment project with underground parking and 4
single-story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham
Street to replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on
a 2.6 acre project site. The project is located on th e north side of
West El Camino Real and the south side of Latham Street between Ortega
Avenue and South Rengstorff Avenue in the P- 38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2019 8
On February 28, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking and 4 single-
story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham Street to
replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on a 2.6-
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real and the south side Latham Street between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 10
On February 28, 2017, the City Council approved a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 3 to 4 story, 204-unit
residential apartment project with underground parking and 4 single-
story commercial structures along El Camino Real and Latham Street to
replace the 21,026 square foot Olive Tree Shopping Center on a 2.6-
acre project site. The project is located on the north side of West El
Camino Real and the south side Lath am Street between Ortega Avenue
and South Rengstorff Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
2010 San Ramon Avenue 2010sanramonavenue
2018 9
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a seven-unit condominium development and a Heritage Tree Removal
Per mit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.52-acre project site. This
project is located on the north side of San Ramon Avenue between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) d istrict. Approved Development Projects
2018 11
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a seven-unit condominium development and a Heritage Tree Removal
Per mit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.52-acre project site. This
project is located on the north side of San Ramon Avenue between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) d istrict.
2019 2
 " 
2019 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a seven-unit condominium development and a Heritage Tree Removal
Per mit to remove one Heritage Tree on a 0.52- acre project site. This
project is located on the north side of San Ramon Avenue between North
Rengstorff Avenue and Sierra Vista Avenue in the R3-2.2 (Multiple-
Family Residential) d istrict. • Applicant: Bill Maston Architect &
Associates
---
1885 Miramonte 1885miramonte
2019 8
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to increase the number of
students at an existing private high school, Saint Francis High
School, a Development Review Permit to allow two new buildings (Center
for Innovation and Dining Commons) totaling 94,000 square feet to
replace two existing buildings (Buildings 100 and 300) totaling
approximately 42,000 square feet on an existing campus, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 12 Heritage Tre es on a 29.7-acre
project site. This project is located on the east side of Miramonte
Avenue between South Drive and Cuesta Drive, located in the R1-7.5
(Single- Family) district. Status/Next Step(s): Under review.
Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project Planner: Clarissa Burke
Applicant: St. Francis High School
2019 10
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to increase the number of
students at an existing private high school, Saint Francis Hi gh
School; a Development Review Permit to allow two new buildings (Center
for Innovation and Dining Commons) totaling 94,000 square feet to
replace two existing buildings (Buildings 100 and 300) totaling
approximately 42,000 square feet on an existing camp us; and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 12 Heritage trees on a
29.7-acre project site. This project is located on the east side of
Miramonte Avenue between South Drive and Cuesta Drive, located in the
R1-7.5 (Single- Family) district.
2020 3
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to increase the number of
students from 1,600 to 1,760 at an existing private high school; a
Development Review Permit to allow two new buildings (Center for
Innovation and Dining Commons) totaling 94,000 square feet to replace
two existing buildings (Buildings 100 and 300) totaling approximately
42,000 square feet on an existing campus; and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 29 Heritage trees on a 29.7- acre project site. This
project is located on the east side of Miramonte Avenue between South
Drive and Cuesta Drive, located in the R1-7.5 (Single-Family)
district.
2020 5
 " 
---
1860 -2159 Landings Drive, 1014 -1058 Huff Avenue , 900 Alta Avenue, 2000 North 18602159landingsdrive10141058huffavenue900altaavenue2000north
2019 8
Shoreline Boulevard (Google Landings Master Plan) Request for a
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to construct an
803,004 square foot office building with one level of podium parking,
a four-story, 536,500 square foot parking structure, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 374 Heritage trees, replacing an
existing office building on a 26.43-acre project site. The new office
building will be located on Landings Drive south of Charleston Road,
west of Permanente Creek, and north of Highw ay 101. The new parking
garage is located between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue midblock between
Charleston Road and Plymouth Street. Both sites are located in the
P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
2019 10
Shoreline Boulevard (Google Landings) Request for a Planned Community
Permit and Development Review Permit to allow a 6- story, 803,004
square foot office building with one level of podium parking, and a
four- story, 536,500 square foot parking structure to replace an
existing office building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 374
Heritage trees on a 26.43-acre project site; and a Master Plan to
allow for shared parking across the project sites. The new office
building is proposed on Landings Drive south of Charleston Road, west
of Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101. The new parking garage
is proposed between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue midblock between
Charleston Road and Plymouth Street. Both sites are located in the
P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan. Study Session on October 1, 2019.
2022 2
Shoreline Boulevard (Google Landings) On June 23, 2020, City Council
approved a Master Plan to allow for shared district parking for
multiple sites in the North Bayshore; a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story, 800,000 square foot
office building with one level of podium parking, and a four-level
parking structure to replace an existing office building on a 30-acre
project site; an d a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 387
Heritage trees. The project encompasses three separate sites: (1) a
proposed new office building on Landings Drive south of Charleston
Road, west of Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101; (2) a
proposed n ew parking structure between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue at
midblock between Charleston Road and Plymouth Street; and (3) a
proposed new parking lot at 1851 Charleston Road to serve the office
building at 1875 Charleston Road north of the Landings office b
uilding. All sites are located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2022 4
Shoreline Boulevard (Google Landings) On June 23, 2020, City Council
approved a Master Plan to allow for shared district parking for
multiple sites in the North Bayshore; a Planned Commun ity Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a 6-story, 800,000 square foot
office building with one level of podium parking, and a four-level
parking structure to replace an existing office building on a 30-acre
project site; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 387
Heritage trees. The project encompasses three separate sites: (1) a
proposed new office building on Landings Drive south of Charleston
Road, west of Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101; (2) a
proposed new parking structure between Alta Avenue and Huff Avenue at
midblock between Charleston Road and Plymouth Street; and (3) a
proposed new parking lot at 1851 Charleston Road to serve the office
building at 1875 Charleston Road north of the Landings office
building. All sites are located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
---
167 N orth  Whisman Rd. 167northwhismanrd
2016 8
In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-
family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3
acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area.
2016 10
 " 
2017 2
 " 
2017 4
 " 
---
1001 N. Shoreline Boulevard 1001nshorelineboulevard
2017 6
Development Review Permit for the construction of a 4-story, 111,443
square foot office building, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
33 Heritage trees, and Lot M erger to combine 9 lots into one lot on a
7.3-acre project site. The project is locat ed on the northeast corner
of North Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited
Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. On April 27, 2016,
th e Zoning Administrator approved removal of six Heritage trees due
to utility undergrounding and an existing major AT&T conduit. in
summer of 2017.
2018 1
Request for a Rezone from ML (Limited Indust rial) to P (Planned
Community), Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new seven-story residential structure with two levels of
podium par king and 203 apartmen t units, new seven-story residential
structure with two levels of podium parking and 100 condominium units,
and a six-story office parking structure to accommodate parking for
the existing on-site office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The
project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline
Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts.
2018 3
Request for a Rezone from ML (Limited Indust rial) to P (Planned
Community), Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new seven-story residential structure with two levels of
podium par king and 203 apartment units, new seven-story residential
structure with two levels of podium parking and 100 condominium units,
and a six-story office parking structure to accommodate parking for
the existing on-site office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The
project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline
Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts.
2018 5
Request for a Rezone from ML (Limited Indust rial) to P (Planned
Community), Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a new seven-story residential structure with two levels of
podium par king and 203 apartment units, new seven-story residential
structure with two levels of podium park ing and 100 condominium
units, and a six-story office parking structure to accommodate parking
for the existing on-site office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove seven Heritage trees on a 7.8-acre project site. The
project is located on the northeast corner of North Shoreline
Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM
(General Industrial) districts.
---
948 California Street 948californiastreet
2013 5
In April 2012, the Council approved a 5 unit condominium complex.
Building permits are expected to be issued by April 2013 and
completion by spring 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 6
In April 2012, the Council approved a 5 unit condominium complex.
Building permits were issued in May 2013 and completion by spring
2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 7
 " 
---
920 Sierra Vista Avenue 920sierravistaavenue
2022 10
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to expand an existing church and
a parking reduction to provide 102 parking spaces, in lieu of 151
required spaces; a Development Review Permit to construct a new 8,262
square-foot multi-purpose building; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 5 Heritage trees on an existing 1.92-acre site. This project
is located at the northwest corner of Sierra Vista Avenue and Plymouth
Street in the R3-2sd (Multi-Family Residential- Special Design)
district and MM (Gene ral Industrial) district.
2022 12
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to expand an existing church and
a parking reduction to provide 102 parking spaces, in lieu of 151
required spaces; a Development Review Permit to construct a new 8,262
square-foot multi-purpose building; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 5 Heritage trees on an existing 1.92-acre site. This project
is located at the northwest corner of Sierra Vista Avenue an d
Plymouth Street in the R3-2sd (Multi-Family Residential- Special
Design) district and MM (General Industrial) district.
2023 2
Request for a Conditional Use Permit to expand an existing church and
a parking reduction to provide 102 parking spaces, in lieu of 151
required spaces; a Development Review Permit to construct a new 8,262
square-foot multi-purpose building; and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit
to remove 5 Heritage trees on an existing 1.92-acre site. This project
is located at the northwest corner of Sierra Vista Avenue and Plymouth
Street in the R3-2sd (Multi-Family Residential- Special Design)
district and MM (General Ind ustrial) district.
---
902 Villa Street 902villastreet
2013 5
In July 2012, the Council approved a new 4- story 21,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013.
2013 6
In July 2012, the Council approved a new 4-story 21,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013 and is expected to
be complete by May 2014.
2013 7
In July 2012, the Council approved a new 4- story 2 1,745 square foot
office building. Construction started in May 2013 and is expected to
be complete by May 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
---
871 W . Evelyn Ave. 871wevelynave
2013 8
In November 2009, Council approved a 65,000 square foot, four-story
office building. Construction began in April 2012, and t he building
should be completed by July 2013 and tenant improvements completed by
December 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area) (Rebecca Shapiro)
PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN / EVELYN
CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2013 9
In November 2009, Council approved a 65,000 square foot, four-story
office building. Construction began in April 2012, and t he building
should be completed by October 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning
Area) (Rebecca Shapiro) PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN / EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2013 10
In November 2009, Council approved a 65,000 square foot, four-story
office building. Construction began in April 2012, and t he building
should be completed in October 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning
Area) (Rebecca Shapiro) PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND
DOWNTOWN / EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
---
871 West Evelyn Avenue 871westevelynavenue
2013 5
In November 2009, Council approved a 65,000 square foot, four-story
office building. The building will be completed by June 2013 and
tenant improvements completed by December 2013. (Central Neighborhoods
Planning Area) (Rebecca Shapiro) PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE
AREAS AND DOWNTOWN / EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning
Area
2013 6
In November 2009, Council approved a 65,000 square foot, four-story
office building. Construction began in April 2012, and the building
should be completed by June 2013 and tenant impr ovements completed by
December 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planni ng Area) (Rebecca
Shapiro) PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN /
EVELYN CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
2013 7
In November 2009, Council approved a 65,000 s quare foot, four-story
office building. Construction began in April 2012, and t he building
should be completed by July 2013 and tenant improvements completed by
December 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area) (Rebecca Shapiro)
PLANNING PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF CHANGE AREAS AND DOWNTOWN / EVELYN
CORRIDOR Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Planning Area
---
870 El Camino Real East 870elcaminorealeast
2013 5
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Archstone
to study a 180 unit apartment complex with 333 apartment units and
6,000 square foot of commercial space. Archstone is being acquired by
Equity Residential. The project is on hold.
2013 6
 " 
2013 7
 " 
---
865 El Camino Real East 865elcaminorealeast
2013 5
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-unit apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Building permit submittal is expected in June
2013. (Grant/Sylvan Planning Area)
2013 6
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-un it apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Building permit submittal is expected in June
2013. Construction is anticipated to start by November 2013 and be
complete by September 2015. (Grant/Sylvan Planning Area)
2013 7
In April 2013, Council approved a 150-unit apartment project for
SummerHill Apartments. Building permit submittal occurred in June
2013. Construction is anticipated to start by November 2013 and be
complete by September 2015. (Grant/Sylvan Planning Area)
---
851-852 Sierra Vista Avenue 851852sierravistaavenue
2019 6
Request for General Plan an d Zoning Map Amendments, a Planned
Community Permit, a Heritage Tree Removal permit, and a Tentative
Parcel Map to develop nine new rowhomes to replace three existing
single-family homes and an industrial building on a 0.56-acre site.
The project also includes the removal of 13 Heri tage trees and
subdivision of the parcel into 9 lots with a common lot. This project
is loca ted on the northeast corner of Colony Street and Sierra Vista
Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM-40 (Multiple-Family Special Design/General
Industrial) districts.
2019 8
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
Medium-Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd
(Multiple-Family Residential Special Design) district and MM (General
Industrial) district to R3 (Multiple-Family Residential) district; a
Planned Unit Development Permit to construct nine rowhouses to replace
three existing single-family homes and an industrial building; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 13 Heritage trees; and a
Tentative Parcel Map to create nine individual lots and one common lot
on a 0.56-acre project site. This project is located on the northeast
corner o f Colony Street and Sierra Vista Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM-40
(Multiple-Family Special Design/General Industrial) districts.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Diana Pancholi Applicant: SummerHill Homes
2019 10
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial to
Medium-Density Residential; a Zoning Map Amendment from R3-2sd
(Multiple-Family Residential Special Design) and MM (General
Industrial) district s to the R3 (Multiple-Family Residential)
district; a Planned Unit Development Permit to construct nine
rowhouses to replace three existing single-family homes and an
industrial building; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 13
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Parcel Map to create nine individual
lots and one common lot on a 0.56-acre project site. This project is
located on the northeast corner o f Colony Street and Sierra Vis ta
Avenue in the Rd-2sd/MM-40 (Multiple-Family Special Design/General
Industrial) districts.
---
827 North Rengstorff Avenue 827northrengstorffavenue
2013 5
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed- use retail and condominium project. Formal review will start
in September 2013.
2013 6
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gate keeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industri al land to allow
a mixed-use retail and condominium project. Formal re view will start
in September 2013.
2013 7
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres of industrial land to allow
a mixed- use retail and condominium project. Formal review will start
in September 2013.
---
819 North Rengstorff Avenue 819northrengstorffavenue
2013 5
In February 2013, Council approv ed 48 affordable rental efficien cy
studios, 1 one- bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail
space. ROEM and Eden Housing submitted the nine-percent tax credit
application on March 6, 2013. If the project receives tax credits in
the first round, relocation assistance will be gin in June 2013 and
building permit submittal in July 2013.
2013 6
In February 2013, Council approved 48 afford able rental efficiency
studios, 1 one- bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square f eet of retail
space. ROEM and Eden Housing submitted the nine-percent tax credit
application on March 6, 2013. If the project receives tax credits in
the firs t round, relocation assistance will begin in June 2013 and
building permit submittal in July 2013.
2013 7
In February 2013, Council approved 48 affordable rental efficiency
studios, 1 one- bedroom manager unit and 1,600 square feet of retail
space. Building permits are expected in July 2013 and construction to
begin in November 2013 with completion by February 2015.
---
810 Miramonte Avenue 810miramonteavenue
2019 6
Informal Review to construct a new 36-room ho tel with underground
parking replacing an existing 1,107 square foot auto shop on a
0.32-acre site. This project is located on the southwest corner of
West El Camino Real and Miramonte Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan. Approved Development Projects
2019 8
Request for an informal review to construct a new 36-room hotel with
underground parking replacing an ex isting 1,107 square foot auto shop
on a 0.32-acre site. This project is located on the southwest corner
of West El Camino Real and Miramonte Avenue in the P- 38 (El Camino
Real) Precise Plan.
2019 10
Request for Informal Review of a Planned Community Permit and
Development Review Permit to construct a new 4-story, 36-room hotel
with one-level of underground parking, replacing an existing 1,107
square foot auto shop, on a 0.32-acre site. This project is located on
the southwest c orner of West El Camino Real and Miramonte Avenue in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
801 El Camino Real West 801elcaminorealwest
2013 5
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Greystar for
a mixed use, high-density apartment proposal. The project includes a
request to sell the adjacent City parking lot to the developer. EPC
and Council study sessions are scheduled for fall 2013.
2013 6
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a request
to sell the adjacent City parking lot to the developer. EPC and
Council study sessions are scheduled for fall 2013. A final Council
hearing is anticipated by the end of 2014. (Central Neighborhoods
Planning A rea)
2013 7
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request for a mixed
use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a request
to sell the adjacent City parking lot to the developer. EPC and
Council study sessions are scheduled for fall 2013. A final Council
hearing is anticipated by the end of 2014. (Central Neighborhoods
Planning Area)
---
705 West Dana Street 705westdanastreet
2022 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 3- story, 19,017 square foot building with 1,100 square
feet of ground-floor retail and upper floor office with two levels of
underground parking, replacing an existing auto repair shop, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a
0.23-acre project site.
2022 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 3- story, 19,017 square foot building with 1,100 square
feet of ground-floor retail and upper floor office with two levels of
underground parking, replacing an existing auto repair shop, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a
0.23-acre project site. This project is located on the southwest
corner of West Dana Street and Hope Street in the P- 19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
2022 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 3-story, 19,017 square foot building with 1,100 square
feet of ground-floor retail and upper floor office with two levels of
underground parking, replacing an existing auto repair shop, and a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a
0.23-acre project site. This project is located on the southwes t
corner of West Dana Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown)
Precise Plan.
---
700 East Middefield Road 700eastmiddefieldroad
2013 5
In June 2012, Council authori zed a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up to a 1.0 FAR. The site
currently contains 400,000 square feet of office area, where 1.0 FAR
could allow up to 1 million sq uare feet. A project EIR and General
Plan Subsequent E IR will be necessary for the project. An EPC study
session was held in September 2012. C ouncil study sessions were held
on February 12 and 26, 2013. The applicant is revising the plans based
on EPC and Council comments for a Council study session in May 2013.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 6
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gate keeper request by RREEF to
study a rezoning of 23 acres to allow up an addi tional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A proj ect EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was held in May 2013. The applicant is revising the plans
based Council comments.
2013 7
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by RREEF to
study a rezon ing of 23 acres to allow up an additional 600,000 square
feet of office area (total of 1 million square feet). A project EIR
and General Plan Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. An
EPC study session was held in September 2012 and a Council study
session was he ld in May 2013. The applicant is revising the plans
based Council comments.
---
690 East Middlefield Road 690eastmiddlefieldroad
2013 5
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 square feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Realty purchased the
property and began construction. Completion of the building shell is
expected by fall 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 6
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 sq uare feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Re alty purchased the
property and began construction August 2012 and completion of the
building shell is expected by fall 2013.
2013 7
In April 2008, Council approved a 340,000 square feet office building
(0.5 FAR) for Dostart Development. Kilroy Realty purchased the
property and began construction August 2012 and c ompletion of the
building shell is expected by fall 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning
Area)
---
625 – 685 Clyde Avenue 625685clydeavenue
2013 5
In March 2013, Council approved a 385,000 square foot (1.0 FAR) office
project for TMG Partners. TMG Partners has signed a lease with Samsung
to occupy the entire campus. Building permit submittal is expected in
June 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 6
In March 2013, Council approved a 385,000 sq uare foot (1.0 FAR)
office project for TMG Partners. TMG Partners has sign ed a lease with
Samsung to occupy the entire campus. Building permit submitta l is
expected in June 2013. Construction is expected to begin in fall 2013
and comp letion anticipated by December 2014. (Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area)
2013 7
In March 2013, Council approved a 385,000 square foot (1.0 FAR) office
project for TMG Partners. TMG Partners has signed a lease with Samsung
to occupy the entire campus. Building permit submitta l occurred in
June 2013. Construction is expected to begin in fall 2013 and
completion anticipated by December 2014. (Moffett/Whisman Planning
Area)
---
605 Castro Street 605castrostreet
2013 5
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 sq uare foot office building
and eight residential condominiums. Building permit submittal is
expected in June 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 6
In April 2013, Council approved a 28,000 square foot office building
and eight residential condominiums. The construction is expected to
start in winter 2013 and be completed by early 2015.
2013 7
 " 
---
590 Showers Drive 590showersdrive
2013 5
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. Building plans were
submitted in May 2013. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2013 6
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. Build ing plans were
submi tted in May 2013. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2013 7
In November 2011, the Zoning Administrator approved a new 14,300
square-foot retail building near Trader Joe’s. Building plans were
submitted in May 2013. (San Antonio Planning Area)
---
575 East Middlefield Road 575eastmiddlefieldroad
2013 5
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The applicant has not submitted
a building permit to construct the approved building.
2013 6
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Ve risign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The applicant ha s not
submitted a building permit to construct the approved building.
2013 7
In February 2010, Council approved a 102,000 square feet office
building and eight year Development Agreement for Verisign. Verisign
was subsequently acquired by Symantec. The applicant has not submitted
a building permit to construct the approved building. (Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area)
---
555 Showers Drive 555showersdrive
2013 5
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Target to
study a new 158,000 two-story Target building and 22,500 square feet
in ancillary retail buildings. Formal review of this Gatekeeper will
start in July 2013, with an EPC study session sch eduled for August
2013 and a Council study session in fall 2013. (San Antonio Planning
Area)
2013 6
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatek eeper request by Target to
study a new 158,000 two-story Target building and 22,500 square feet
in ancillary retail buildings. Formal review will start in July 2013,
with an EPC study session in August 2013 and a Council study session
in fall 2013. A final Council hearing is anticipated in the latter
half of 2014.
2013 7
In April 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Target to
study a new 158,000 two-story Target building and 22,500 square feet
in ancillary retail buildings. Formal review will start in July 2013,
with an EPC study session in August 2013 and a Council study session
in fall 2013. A final Council hearing is anticipated in the latter
half of 2014.
---
455 San Antonio Road 455sanantonioroad
2013 5
In June 2011, Council approved a project to construct 330 apartment
units, a 65,000 square foot Safeway building and three retail tenant
buildings totaling 26,200 square foot for MGP. T he Safeway opened in
A pril 2013, and the remainder of the apartments and retail spaces
will obtain final occupancy through the beginning of 2014. (San
Antonio Planning Area)
2013 6
In June 2011, Council approved a project to construct 330 apartment
units, a 65,000 square foot Safeway building and th ree retail tenant
buildings totaling 26,200 square foot for MGP. The Sa feway opened in
April 2013, and the remainder of the apartments and retail spaces will
obtain final occupancy through the beginning of 2014.
2013 7
In June 2011, Council approved a project to construct 330 apartment
units, a 65,000 square foot Safeway building and three retail tenant
buildings totaling 26,200 square foot for MGP. The Safeway opened in
April 2013, and the remainder of the apartments and retail spaces will
obtain final occupancy through the beginning of 2014. (San Antonio
Planning Area)
---
450 North Whisman Drive 450northwhismandrive
2013 5
In August 2012, SummerHill Homes submitted informal plans for a
37-unit two- story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4-acre site owned
by t he San Francisco PUC in the R2 district. SummerHill held a
neighbor meeting on March 9 and received feedback from the
neighborhood. A formal application was submitted in April 2013. A
Council public hearing is expected in early 2014. (Scott Plambaeck)
2013 6
In April 2013, the City received an applic ation for a 37-unit two-
story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4-acre site owne d by the San
Francisco PUC. A Council public hearing is expected in early 2014.
(Scott Plambaeck)
2013 7
In April 2013, the City received an application for a 37- unit two-
story detached rowhouse project on a 6.4-acre site owned by the San
Francisco PUC. A Council public hearing is expected in early 2014.
---
420 San Antonio Road 420sanantonioroad
2013 5
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project with a 1.85 FAR on 4.6
acres. Formal review of this Gatekeeper will start in July 2013.
2013 6
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by the Pillar
Group to study a high-density apartment project on 4.6 acres. Formal
review of this Gatekeeper will start in July 2013.
2013 7
 " 
---
405 San Antonio Road 405sanantonioroad
2013 5
In December 2011, Counc il authorized a Gatekeeper request by Merlone
Geier Partners (MGP) for a mixed-use development consisting of office,
retail, and hotel uses on 9.9 acres in the San Antonio Shopping
Center. MGP submitted revised plans in February 2013 for a mixed-use
devel opment consisting of office, retail, cinema and hotel, with
reduced office area and building heights. A project EIR and General
Plan Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. Council held a
study session in April 2013 and MGP is refining their pr oject for DRC
review. The project and traffic analysis will be brought to a second
round of study sessions in the latter half of 2013. (San Antonio
Planning Area)
2013 6
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Merlone
Geier Partners (MGP) for a mixed-use developm ent consisting of
office, retail, and hotel uses on 9.9 acres in the San An tonio
Shopping Cente r. MGP submitted revised plans in February 2013 for a
mixed-use development consisting of office, retail, cinema and hotel,
with reduced o ffice area and building heights. A project EIR and
General Plan Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. Council
held a study session in April 2013. The project and traffic analysis
will be brought to a second round of study sessi ons in the latter
half of 2013. (San Antonio Planning Area)
2013 7
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Merlone
Geier Partners (MGP) for a mixed-use development consisting of office,
retail, and hotel uses on 9.9 acres in the San Antonio Shopping
Center. MGP submitted revised plans in February 2013 for a mixed-use
development consisting of office, retail, cinema and hotel, with
reduced office area and building heights. A project EIR and General
Plan Subsequent EIR will be necessary for the project. Council held a
study session in April 2013. The project and traffic analysis will be
brought to a second round of study sessions in the latter half of
2013. (San Antonio Planning Area)
---
365 Villa Street 365villastreet
2013 5
In July 2012, Council approve d a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Building permits were submitted in January 2013 and
demolition of the existing site may begin in summer 2013.
2013 6
In July 2012, Council approved a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Building permits were submitted in January 2013 and
construction is anticipated to begin by September 2013.
2013 7
In July 2012, Council approve d a new 12 small-lot, single-family
subdivision. Building permits were submitted in January 2013,
demolition is expected to begin in August 2013, and construction in
October 2013.
---
340 East Middlefield Road 340eastmiddlefieldroad
2013 5
In June 2012, the Zoning Administrator approved a new two-story,
17,740 square foot (0.35 FAR) office building for “E-Health.”
Construction is underway. Completion is expected by October 2013.
2013 6
In June 2012, the Zoning Administrator approved a new two-story,
17,740 square foot (0.35 FAR) office building for “E-Health.”
Construction began in February 2013 and completion is expected by
October 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area) (Margaret Netto)
2013 7
In June 2012, the Zoning Administrator approved a new two- story,
17,740 square foot (0.35 FAR) office building for “E-Health.”
Construction began in February 2013 and c ompletion is expected by
October 2013.
---
331 Fairchild Drive 331fairchilddrive
2013 5
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 square feet office buil ding
for Equity Office Partners. Kilroy Realty purchased the property and
began construction. Completion is expected by fall 2013.
(Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
2013 6
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 squ are feet office building
for Equity Office Partners. Kilroy Realty purchased the property and
began construction in December 2013 and completion is expected by fall
2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area) (Melinda Denis)
2013 7
In July 2008, Council approved an 87,500 square feet office buil ding
for Equity Office Partners. Kilroy Realt y purchased the property and
began construction in December 2013 and c ompletion is expected by
fall 2013. (Moffett/Whisman Planning Area)
---
324 Bryant Street 324bryantstreet
2013 5
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction is underway. Completion is expected by early
2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 6
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction began in Febru ary 2013 and completion is
expected by early 2014.
2013 7
In March 2012, the Council approved a 7 unit condominium/townhouse
complex. Construction began in February 2013 and co mpletion is
expected by early 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
---
2650 El Camino Real West 2650elcaminorealwest
2013 5
In June 2012, Council approved a 193- unit apartment project at the
former San Antonio Inn for Urban Housing Group. Construction is
underway and completion is expected in fall 2014.
2013 6
In June 2012, Council approved a 193-unit apartment project at the
former San Antonio Inn for Urban Housing Group. Construction began in
February 2013 and completion is expected in fall 2014.
2013 7
In June 2012, Council approved a 193- unit apartment project at the
former San Antonio Inn for Urban Housing Group. Construction began in
February 2013 and completion is expected in fall 2014.
---
2580 California Street 2580californiastreet
2013 5
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high- density apa rtment project on the existing Safeway
site. In June 2012, the project was put on hold by the applicant.
2013 6
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high-density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. In June 2012, the project was put on hold by the applicant.
2013 7
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Prometheus
to study a high- density apartment project on the existing Safeway
site. In June 2012, the project was put on hold by the applicant.
---
2545 -2585 W. Middlefield Rd . 25452585wmiddlefieldrd
2013 8
In May 2011, Council approv ed construct 32 rowhouse units on 1.9
acres. Construction began in August 2012 and c ompletion is expected
by February 2014. (Melinda Denis)
2013 9
In May 2011, Council approv ed 32 rowhouse units on 1.9 acres.
Construction began in August 2012 and c ompletion is expected by the
end of 2013.
2013 10
 " 
---
250 Bryant Street  250bryantstreet
2013 5
In December 2012, Lund Smith applied for a permit to construct a
three-story, 68,000 square foot office building at the Dunn’s
Automotive site. Final Council action is expected in July 2013.
2013 6
In December 2012, the City received an ap plication to construct a
three-story, 68,000 square foot office building at the Dunn’s
Automotive site. Final Council action is expected in July 2013.
2013 7
In July 2013, Council approved a three-story, 68,000 square foot
office building at the Dunn’s Automotive site. Demolition is expected
to begin in July 2013, with construction in August 2013 and completion
by December 2014. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
---
2500 California Street  2500californiastreet
2018 3
Request for a Provisional Use Permit for a medical office use to
locate in an existing 7,994 square foot, multi-tenant commercial
building and a parking reduction to allow 31 parking spaces in lieu of
38 required spaces on a 0.57 acre project site; and a determination
that the project is categorically exempt pursuant to Section 15301
(“Existing Facilitie s”) of the CEQA Guidelines. This project is
located at the northwest corner of Showers Drive and California Street
in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. hearing.
2018 5
On March 14, 2018 the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional Use
Permit for a medical office use to locate in an existing 7,994 square
foot, multi-tenant commercial building and a parking reduction to
allow 31 parking spaces in lieu of 38 required spaces on a 0.57 acre
project site; and a dete rmination that the project is categorically
exempt pursuant to Section 15301 (“Existing Facilities”) of the CEQA
Guidelines. Th is project is located at the northwest corner of
Showers Drive and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
2018 7
On March 14, 2018 the Zoning Administrator approved a Provisional Use
Permit for a medical office use to locate in an existing 7,994 square
foot, multi-tenant commercial building and a parking reduction to
allow 31 parking spaces in lieu of 38 required spac es on a 0.57 acre
project site. The project is located at the northwest corner of
Showers Drive and C alifornia Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan.
---
2483 Whitney Drive 2483whitneydrive
2019 6
Request for a Development Review Permit for a 64-unit residential
development replacing an existing 40-unit apartment complex on a 1.44-
acre site. This project is located on the south side of Whitney Drive
between Mayfield Avenue and Diablo Avenue in the R3-1 and R3-1h1s
(Multiple-Family Residential and One-Story Height Limitation)
districts.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a 64-unit residential development with 61 stacked, condominium
units and 3 detached, small-lot, single-family homes, replacing an
existing 40-unit apartment complex; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 9 Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create 64 condominium
lots and one common lot on a 1.44-acre site. This project is located
on the south side of Whitney Drive between M ayfield Avenue and Diablo
Avenue in the R3-1 and R3- 1h1s(Multiple-Family Residential
Height/Story Limitations) district
2019 10
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
for a 64-unit residential development with 61 condominium units and 3
detached, small-lot, single- family homes, replacing an existing
40-unit apartment complex; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 9
Heritage trees; and a Tentative Map to create 64 condominium lots and
one common lot on a 1.44-acre site. This project is located on the
south side of Whitney Drive between Mayfield Avenue and Diablo Avenue
in the R3-1 and R3-1h1s(Multiple- Family Reside ntial Height/Story
Limitations) district
---
247-343 El  Camino Real West  247343elcaminorealwest
2013 5
In October 2012, the Zoning A dministrator approved a 12,000 square
foot dialysis center for Dollinger Properties. Construction has
commenced and should be completed by August 2013. (Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area)
2013 6
In October 2012, the Zoning Administrat or approved a 12,000 square
foot dialysis center for Dollinger Properties. Construction has
commenced and should be completed by August 2013.
2013 7
In October 2012, the Zoning A dministrator approved a 12,000 square
foot dialysis center for Dollinger Properties. Construction has
commenced and should be completed by August 2013.
---
209 -  405 West Evelyn Avenue 209405westevelynavenue
2013 5
In December 2010, Council approved 65 rowhouse units. Phase 1 (29
units) is completed and fully occupied. Building permits for Phase 2
(36 units) were issued in March 2013 and construction is underway.
Completion is expected by spring 2014.
2013 6
In December 2010, Council approved 65 rowh ouse units. Phase 1 (29
units) is completed and fully occupied. Buildin g permits for Phase 2
(36 units) were issued in March 2013 and construction is underway.
Completion is expected by spring 2014.
2013 7
In December 2010, Council approved 65 rowhouse units. Phase 1 (29
units) is completed and fully occupied. Building permits for Phase 2
(36 units) were issued in March 2013 and construction is underway.
Completion is expected by spring 2014.
---
2060 Plymouth Avenue 2060plymouthavenue
2013 5
In April 2012, Council approved a 14 unit rowhouse development for
Classic Communities on a 0.8 acre parcel. Construction started in
April 2013
2013 6
In April 2012, Council approved a 14 un it rowhouse development for
Classic Communities on a 0.8 acre parcel. Construction started in
April 2013 and is expected to be completed by May 2014.
2013 7
In April 2012, Council approved a 14 unit rowhouse development for
Classic Communities on a 0.8 acre parcel. Construction started in
April 2013 and is expected to be completed by May 2014. (Scott
Plambaeck)
---
1984 El Camino Real Wes t 1984elcaminorealwest
2013 5
In March 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by UDR for a
mixed use, high-density apartment proposal. The project includes a
public pedestrian connection between Latham Avenue and El Camino Real.
An EIR is being prepared for the project. E PC and Council review is
expected in fall 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 6
In March 2012, Council authorized a Gate keeper request by UDR for a
mixed use, high-density apartment proposal. Th e project includes a
public pedestrian connection between Latham Avenue and El Camino Real.
An EIR is being prepared for the project. EPC and Council review is
expected in fall 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 7
In March 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by UDR for a
mixed use, high- density apartment proposal. The project includes a
public pedestrian connection between Latham Avenue and El Camino Real.
An EIR is being prepared for the project. EPC and Council review is
expected in fall 2013. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
---
1958 Rock Street 1958rockstreet
2013 5
In September 2012, Dividend Homes applied for a 19 unit rowhouse
project on a 1.13 acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental
units. The project is tentatively scheduled for Council review in June
2013. (Scott Plambaeck) Moffett/ Whisman Planning Area
2013 6
In September 2012, Dividend Homes applied for a 19 unit rowhouse
project on a 1.13 acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental
units. The project is scheduled for Council review in June 2013.
(Scott Plambaeck) Moffett/Whisman Planning Area
2013 7
In June 2013, Council approved a 19 unit rowhouse project on a 1.13
acre site that is currently developed with 12 rental units. Building
permit submittal is expected in fall 2013 with construction in spring
2014 and completion by spring 2015. (Scott Plambaeck) Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
---
1951 Colony Street 1951colonystreet
2013 5
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezon ing of industrial MM land to R3-2 to allow
33 rowhouses, but delayed commencement of the review until after
adoption of the 2030 General Plan in July 2012. The environmental
analysis is underway. Council review is anticipated in fall 2013.
2013 6
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezoning of industrial MM land to R3-2 to allow 33
rowhouses, but delayed commencement of the review unt il after
adoption of the 2030 General Plan in July 2012. The environmental
analys is is underway. Final Council action is anticipated in fall
2013. (Noah Downing)
2013 7
In October 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by City
Ventures to study a rezon ing of industrial MM land to R3-2 to allow
33 rowhouses, but delayed commencement of the review until after
adoption of the 2030 General Plan in July 2012. The environmental
analysis is underway. Final Council action i s anticipated in fall
2013. (Noah Downing)
---
1919, 1945, 1933, Gamel and 574 Escuela 191919451933gameland574escuela
2018 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 53 unit condominium development with underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven trees on a 1.17
acre project site; and a determination that the project is
categorically exempt pursuant to Section 15332 of the CEQA Guidelines
(“Infill Development Projects”). This project is located on the
southwest corner of Game l Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1
(Multiple-Family Residential) district. Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area
2018 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 53 unit condominium development with underground parking,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven trees on a 1.17
acre project site; and a determination that the project is
categorically exempt pursuant to Section 15332 of the CEQA Guidelines
(“Infill Development Projects”). This p roject is located on the
southwest corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1
(Multiple-Family Residential) district. Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area
2018 7
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit for a 53 unit condominium developmen t with underground
parking, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove seven Heritage
trees on a 1.17 acre project site. This project is located on the
southwest corner of Gamel Way and Escuela Avenue in the R3-1
(Multiple-Family Residential) district. Miramonte/Springer Planning
Area
---
1740 El Camino Real West 1740elcaminorealwest
2013 5
In January 2013, Residence Inn submitted an informal application for a
new four story, 22,000 square foot building with 32 hotel rooms.
Zoning Administrator final action is expected in July 2013.
2013 6
In January 2013, Residence Inn submitted an informal application for a
new four story, 22,000 square foot building with 32 hotel rooms.
Zoning Administrator final action is expected in summer 2013.
2013 7
In January 2013, Residence Inn submitted an informal application for a
new four story, 22,000 square foot building with 32 hotel rooms.
Zoning Administrator final action is expected in August 2013.
---
1720 El Camino Real West 1720elcaminorealwest
2013 5
In March 2013, Council approved a 169- unit apartment project on 2.51
acres at the former Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store.
Building permit submittal is expected summer 2013.
2013 6
In March 2013, Council approved a 169-unit apartment project on 2.51
acres at the former Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store.
Building permit submittal is expected in July 2013. Construc tion is
expected to start by December 2013 and completion anticipated by
summer 2015. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area) (Scott Plambaeck)
2013 7
In March 2013, Council approved a 169- unit apartment project on 2.51
acres at the former Tropicana Lodge and Western Appliance Store.
Building permit submittal is expected in July 2013. Construction is
expected to start by December 2013 and completion anticipated by
summer 2015.
---
1701 West  El Camino Real 1701westelcaminoreal
2019 4
On June 21, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and State density bonus to construct a 67-unit affordable studio
apartment development (including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a
0.49- acre vacant lot. The project is loca ted on the southwest corner
of W est El Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
2019 6
On June 21, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
with a State Density Bonus to construct a 67-unit affordab le studio
apartment development on a 0.49- acre vacant lot. The project is
located on th e southwest corner of We st El Camino Real and Rich
Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 8
On June 21, 2016, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
with a State Density Bonus to construct a 67-unit affordable studio
apartment development (including one, 1-bedroom manager's unit) on a
0.49-acre vacant lot. The project is loca ted on the southwest corner
of W est El Camino Real and Rich Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
---
1581 El Camino Real West 1581elcaminorealwest
2013 5
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for development ally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedro om manager unit for First
Community Housing. The project will be applying for tax credits during
the July 2013 round. Building permits and construction timeframes will
depend on the tax credits. (Miramonte/Springer Planning Area)
2013 6
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for developmentally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. The project will be applying for tax cred its
during the July 2013 round. Building permits and construction
timeframes will depend on the tax credits. (Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area)
2013 7
In January 2013, Council approved 26 studio units for development ally
disabled individuals and 1 two-bedroom manager unit for First
Community Housing. The project will be applying for tax credits during
the July 2013 round. Building permits and construction timeframes will
depend on the tax credits. (Miramonte/Sprin ger Planning Area)
(Margaret Netto)
---
137 Easy Street 137easystreet
2013 5
In June 2012, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by Robson Homes
to study a rezoning of 1.4 acres for a 21 rowhouse s. In May 2013, EPC
recom- mended approval and Council review is scheduled for June 2013.
(Lindsay Hagan)
2013 6
In June 2013, Robson Homes received Coun cil approval to construct a
21 unit rowhouse project.
2013 7
In June 2013, Robson Homes received Council appro val to construct a
21 unit rowhouse project. Building permits are expected in August
2013, construction to begin by March 2014 with completion expected in
December 2014.
---
135 Ada Avenue 135adaavenue
2013 5
In October 2012, TriPointe Homes received Council approval to
construct a 59 unit rowhouse project. Building permits were submitted
in February 2013 and are currently being reviewed. Construction is
expected to begin by September 2013 with completion expected in spring
2015. (Nancy Minicucci)
2013 6
In October 2012, TriPointe Homes received Council approval to
construct a 59 unit rowhouse project. Building perm its were submitted
in February 2013 and are currently being reviewed. Construction is
expected to begin by September 2013 with completion expected in spring
2015.
2013 7
In October 2012, TriPointe Homes received Council approval to
construct a 59 unit rowhouse project. Building permits were submitted
in February 2013 and are currently being reviewed. Construction is
expected to begin by September 2013 with completion expected in spring
2015.
---
129 Ada Avenue 129adaavenue
2013 5
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Avenue project.
Final Council action is expected in fall 2013.
2013 6
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Av enue project.
Final Council action is expected in fall 2013.
2013 7
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Avenue project.
Final Council action is expected in fall 2013.
---
1200 Villa Street 1200villastreet
2013 5
In June 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request a Precise Plan
Amendme nt to the Villa Mariposa Precise Plan to allow office FARs up
to 0.65. Subsequently, Google purchased the property and there has
been no activity on this request. (Peter Gilli) Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2013 6
In June 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request a Precise Plan
Amendment to the Villa Mariposa Precise Pl an to allow office FARs up
to 0.65. Subsequently, Google purchased the prop erty and there has
been no activity on this request. (Peter Gilli) Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
2013 7
In June 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request a Precise Plan
Amendment to the Villa Mariposa Precise Plan to allow office FARs up
to 0.65. Subsequently, Google purchased the property and there has
been no activity on this request. (Peter Gilli) Miramonte/Springer
Planning Area
---
115 Evandale Avenue 115evandaleavenue
2013 5
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detached rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction is
anticipated to begin in fall 2013.
2013 6
In January 2013, Council approved 6 deta ched rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construc tion is
anticipated to begin in fall 2013 with completion in fall 2014.
2013 7
In January 2013, Council approved 6 detached rowhouses. Building
permits were submitted in February 2013 and construction is
anticipated to begin in fall 2013 with completion in fall 2014.
---
111 North Rengstorff Avenue 111northrengstorffavenue
2013 5
In June 2012, Prometheus received Council approval to rezone the
Northpark Apartments from R3-2.2 to R3- 1.5 and demolish 50 existing
units in the southwest portion of the property near Rengstorff Avenue
and Central Expressway with new 134 units. Building permits were
submitted in February 2013 and completion is expected by spring 2014.
2013 6
In June 2012, Prometheus received Counc il approval to rezone the
Northpark Apartments, demolish 50 existing units and construct new 134
units in the southwest corner of the complex. Co nstruction began in
February 2013 and completion is expected by the end of 2014.
(Stephanie Williams)
2013 7
In June 2012, Prometheus received Council approval to rezone the
Northpark Apartments, demolish 50 existing units and construct new 134
units in the southwest corner of the complex. Construction began in
February 2013 and completion is expected by the end of 2014.
---
111 & 123 Fairchild Drive 111123fairchilddrive
2013 5
In November 2012, Dividend Homes applied for permits to replace 6
apartment units and 5 small industrial buildings with 18 rowhouses on
a 1.0 acre project site. The environmental review is underway. Final
Counci l action is expected in fall 2013. (Noah Downing)
2013 6
In November 2012, Dividend Homes applied for permits to replace 6
apartment units and 5 small industrial buildings with 18 rowhouses on
a 1.0 acre project site. Final Council action is expected in fall
2013.
2013 7
 " 
---
1051 Boranda Avenue 1051borandaavenue
2022 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct three townho mes to replace three existing
residential units, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide one parcel
into three condominium lots and one common lot on a 0.39-acre project
site. The project is located on the east side of Boranda Avenue
between Maple Court and West El Camino Real in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct three townho mes to replace three existing
residential units, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide one parcel
into three condominium lots and one common lot on a 0.39-acre project
site. The project is located on the east side of Bor anda Avenue
between Maple Court and West El Camino Real in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 6
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct three townho mes to replace three existing
residential units, a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five
Heritage trees; and a Preliminary Parcel Map to subdivide one parcel
into three condominium lots and one common lot on a 0.39-acre project
site. The project is located on the east side of Boranda Avenue
between Maple Court and West El Camino Real in the R3-1.5 (Multiple-
Family Residential) district. Project is subject to SB 330.
---
1040 Grant Road 1040grantroad
2013 5
In February 2013, City Sports Club submitted a n application to allow
a fitness club in the existing Rite Aid tenant space along with façade
improvement s of the entire multi-tenant building. This Precise Plan
requires Council approval of the provisional use. Council review is
scheduled for July 2013. (Nancy Minicucci) Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
2013 6
In February 2013, City Sports Club submi tted an application to allow
a fitness club in the existing Rite Aid tenant spac e along with
façade improvements of the entire multi-tenant building. This Precis e
Plan requires Council approval of the provisional use. Council review
is scheduled for July 2013. (Nancy Minicucci) Grant/Sylvan Planning
Area
2013 7
In February 2013, City Sports Club submitted an application to allow a
fitness club in the existing Rite Aid tenant space along with façade
improvements of the entire multi-tenant building. Council reviewed the
application in June 2013 and directed the applicant to revise the plan
for consideration by the Zoning Administrator. Final action is
expected in summer/fall 2013. (Nancy Minicucci) Grant/Sylvan Planning
Area
---
100 Moffett Boulevard 100moffettboulevard
2013 5
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
Prometheus to study rezoning of 2.9 acres for 190 apartments. A
Council hearing is scheduled in June 2013 to discuss circulation, and
a final hearing anticipated in the latter half of 2013.
2013 6
In December 2011, Council authorized a Ga tekeeper request by
Prometheus to study rezoning of 2.9 acres for 190 apartme nts. A
Council hearing is scheduled in June 2013 to discuss circulation, and
a final hearing anticipated in the latter half of 2013.
2013 7
In December 2011, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request by
Prometheus to study rezoning of 2.9 acres for 190 apartments. In June
2013, Council directed the project design to include a dedicated
right-turn lane on Moffett Boulevard at Central Expressway and to
close the vehicular ramp from Stierlin Road to Central Expressway.
Additional review by B/PAC and EPC will be scheduled before a final
Council hearing at the end of 2013.
---
100 Mayfield Avenue 100mayfieldavenue
2013 5
In May 2012, Four Corners Properties (Four Corners) purchased the site
with the intent to rehabilitate the existing office building instead
of redeveloping the site for residential. Planning permits were
approved in September and November 2012 for exterio r building
modifications and the removal of 85 Heritage trees. A subsequent
planning permit was approved in January 2013 for the removal of five
Heritage trees and demolition of part of the parking structure. Staff
is currently reviewing an application t o redesign the parking lots
and remov e an additional 26 Heritage trees. An Administrative Zoning
hearing is scheduled for May 2013.
2013 6
In May 2012, Four Corners Properties purchased the site with the
intent to rehabilitate the existing office building. Planning permits
were approved in September and November 2012 for exte rior building
modifications and the removal of 85 Heritage trees. A subseque nt
planning permit was approved in January 2013 for the removal of five
Heritage trees and demolition of part of the parking structure. Staff
is currently reviewing an application for parking lot and driveway
changes and the removal an additional 26 Heritage trees. An
Administrative Zoning hearing was sch eduled for May 2013 and was
continued to June 2013. A tenant has not been announced.
2013 7
In May 2012, Four Corners Properties purchased the site with the
intent to rehabilitate the existing office building. Planning permits
were approved in September and November 2012 and January and June 2013
for site, landscaping and exterior building modif ications and the
removal of 116 Heritage trees. A t enant has not been announced.
---
100 & 250 Mayfield Ave. 100250mayfieldave
2015 3
In 2012 and 2013, after significant public input and support from
neighbors, the Zoning Administrator approved permits for the site,
including landscaping and exterior building changes, and the removal
of 116 Heritage trees. Status/Next Step(s): Approved. Construction
began in April 2014 and is expected to be completed in mid-2015.
Planning Area: Monta Loma Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
Applicant: Google, Inc.
2015 4
 " 
2015 5
 " 
---
Tripointe Homes  tripointehomes
2013 9
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Avenue project.
Final Council action is expected in late 2013.
2014 4
In May 2013, TriPointe Homes applied for a 4-unit rowhouse project
that would be integrated into the approved 135 Ada Avenue project.
Final Council action is expected in April 2014.
---
SB 743 CEQA Update sb743ceqaupdate
2020 3
In 2013, the State passed Senate Bill 743 (SB 743), which alters how
transportation impacts from new development are measured under the
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). The State has determined
the most appropriate metric to replace Level-of-Service (LOS) analysis
is Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT), as it aligns with State goals of
greenhouse gas reduction, land use diversity, and development of
multimodal transportation networks. The City of Mountain View is align
ing its transportation analysis wi th this State law by formulating
new thresholds of significance with VMT. Spring 2020.
2020 5
In 2013, the State passed Senate Bill 743 (SB 743), which alters how
transportation impacts from new development are measured under the
California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). The State has determined
the most appropriate metric to replace Level-of-Service (LOS) analysis
is Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT), as it aligns with State goals of
greenhouse gas reduction, land use diversity, and development of
multimodal transportation net works. The City of Mountain View is
align ing its transportation analysis with this State law by
formulating new thresholds of significance with VMT. and tentatively
schedul ed with City Council on June 23, 2020.
---
North of California Street Master Plan northofcaliforniastreetmasterplan
2016 10
Informal review of a Master Plan for mixed-use redevelopment of three
properties currently developed with office and retail uses (2580 and
2590 California Street, and 201 San Antonio Circle). The project site
is located north of California Street between San Antonio Road and
Pacohetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. scheduled for
November 16, 2016. A City Council Study Session has not yet been
scheduled.
2017 2
Informal review of a Master Plan for mixed-use redevelopment of three
properties currently developed with office and retail uses (2580 and
2590 California Street, and 201 San Antonio Circle). The project site
is located north of California Street between San Antonio Road and
Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. informal
proposal at a Study Session on November 16, 2016. The City Council
discussed the informal proposal a t a Study Session on December 13,
2016.
---
Minkoff Office Building  minkoffofficebuilding
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review Permit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square f eet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurants in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). The
project is located on the north side of V illa Street between Franklin
Street and Bryant Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2019 8
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a 41,876 square foot building with 2,922 square feet of
restaurant and 38,954 square feet of office to replace two existing
restaurants in historic structures (Tied House and Chez TJ). The
project is located on the north side of Villa Street between Franklin
Street and Bryant Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods/Downtown Project Planner: Eric Anderson Applicant: The
Minkoff Group
---
Microsoft  microsoft
2019 4
On February 8, 2017 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit to demolish three
office buildings (1, 3 & 4), renovate two existing office buildings (2
& 5), construct a new two story main office building and a new four-
level parking garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the
removal of 8 5 Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000
square feet to the existing 515,000 squa re feet of office space on a
32-acre project site. The project is locate d at the southeast corner
of La Avenida and Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2019 6
On February 8, 2017, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit to demolis h three
office buildings, renovate two existing office buildings, construct a
new tw o-story office building, and construct a new four-level parking
garage, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of 85
Heritage trees. The net new square footage is 128,000 square feet to
the existing 515,000 square feet of office space on a 32-acre projec t
site. The project is located at the southeast corner of La Avenida and
Macon Avenue in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
---
LinkedIn – Campus Redevelopment (700 and 800 E. Middlefield Road and 1100 linkedincampusredevelopment700and800emiddlefieldroadand1100
2017 4
W. Maude Avenue) Request for a rezoning from the ML (Limited
Industrial) District to a P (Planned Community) District to allow up
to 0.86 FAR; a Planned Community Permit to construct three, six-story
office buildings, two, six-level parking structures (with one-level
below grade) and retain three, two-story office buildings resulting in
1.08 million square feet of office at a 28.7-acre campus for LinkedIn
Corporation, to replace two existing office buildings and surface
parking lots; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately
75 Heritage Trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels
into one parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of
East Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) District. Environmental Planning Commission and City
Council Study Sessions are tentatively scheduled for April 19, 2017
(EPC) and M ay 2, 2017 (City Council).
2017 6
W. Maude Avenue) Rezoning from the ML (Limited Industrial) District to
a P (Planned Community) District to allow up to 0.86 FAR; a Planned
Community Permit to construct three, six-story office buildings, two,
six-level parking structures (with one-level below grade) and ret ain
three, two-story office buildings resulting in 1.08 million square
feet of office at a 28.7-acre campus for LinkedIn Corporation, to
replace two existing office buildings and surface parking lots; a
Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove approximately 75 Heritage
Trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment to merge three parcels into one
parcel. The project is located on the northeast corner of East
Middlefield Road and the SR-237 Frontage Road in the ML (Limited
Industrial) d istrict. Environmental Planning Commission and City
Council Study Sessions were held on April 19, 2017 (EPC) and May 2,
2017 (City Council).
---
East Whisman Impact Fee Nexus Study eastwhismanimpactfeenexusstudy
2022 2
To implement planned transportation and utility infrastructure
improvements of the East Whisman Precise Plan, the City is conducting
a nexus study to establish a fee on new development in the area. The
study is expected to be completed in Spring 2022.
2022 4
To implement planned transportation and utility infrastructure
improvements of the East Whisman Precise Plan, the City is conducting
a nexus study to establish a fee on new development in the area. The
study is expected to be completed in mid-2022.
---
Dollinger Group  dollingergroup
2013 8
In October 2012, the Zoning A dministrator approved a 12,000 square
foot dialysis center for Dollinger Properties. Construction has
commenced and should be completed by the e nd of August 2013.
2013 9
In October 2012, the Zoning A dministrator approved a 12,000 square
foot dialysis center for Dollinger Properties. Construction has
commenced and should be completed by the end of September 2013.
---
Climate Protection Roadmap  climateprotectionroadmap
2013 6
In February 2013, Council authorized staff to work on the CPR.
Planning staff is assisting the Public Works Department, wh ich is the
lead department. The CPR is a blueprint to address challenges posed by
climate change. Council review of the CPR is expected in spring 2014.
(Noah Downing)
2013 7
In February 2013, Council authorized staff to work on the CPR.
Planning staff is assisting the Public Works Department, which is the
lead department. The CPR is a blueprint to address challenges posed by
climate change. Council review of the CPR is expected in spring 2014.
---
Citywide School Strategy citywideschoolstrategy
2020 3
On October 15, 2019, the City Council provided direction on a citywide
school strategy, which will include a series of measures to supplement
existing State fees to address school capacity needs associated with
new development.
2020 5
On October 15, 2019, the City Council provided direction on a citywide
school strategy, which will include a series of measures to supplement
existing State fees to address school capacity needs associated with
new development. 9, 2020.
---
Calvano Development /CPR Mountain View  – Office (1001 N. Shoreline calvanodevelopmentcprmountainviewoffice1001nshoreline
2017 2
Boulevard) Request CRP Mountain View for a Development Review Permit
for the construction of a 4-story, 111,443 square foot office building
with outdoor amenity space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to
combine 9 lots into one parcel on a 7.3-acre site, located on the
northeast corner of N. Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in
the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The
project would result in the demolition of nine existing commercial and
industrial build ings. On April 27, 2016, the Zoning Administrator
approved removal of six Heritage trees due to utility undergrounding
and an existing major AT&T conduit. in summer of 2017.
2017 4
Bouleva rd) Request CRP Mountain View for a Development Review Permit
for the construction of a 4-story, 111,443 square foot office building
with outdoor amenity space and a surface parking lot; a Heritage Tree
Removal Permit to remove 33 Heritage trees, and a lot merger to
combine 9 lots into one parcel on a 7.3-acre site, located on the
northeast corner of N. Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in
the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. The
project would result in the demolit ion of nine existing commercial
and industrial buildings. On April 27, 2016, the Zoning Administrator
approved removal of six Heritage trees due to utility undergrounding
and an existing major AT&T conduit. in summer of 2017.
---
Calvano /CPR Mountain View  Development – Residences  (1001 N. Shoreline calvanocprmountainviewdevelopmentresidences1001nshoreline
2017 2
Boulevard) Request CRP Mountain View for a r ezone from ML (Limited
Industrial) to P (Planned Community) District, a Planned Community
Permit to construct a new seven-story residential structure with two
levels of podium parking and 203 apartment units, a new seven-story
residential structure with two levels of podium parking and 100
condominium units, and a 195,746 square foot six-story office parking
structure to accommodate parking for the existing 111,443 square foot
office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11
Heritage trees o n a 7.86 acre site.
2017 4
Boulevard) Request CRP Mountain View for a r ezone from ML (Limited
Industrial) to P (Planned Community) District, a Planned Community
Permit to construct a new seven-story residential structure with two
levels o f podium parking and 203 apartment units, a new seven-story
residential structure with two levels of podium parking and 100
condominium units, and a 195,746 square foot six-story office parking
structure to accommodate parking for the existing 111,443 squa re foot
office building, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 11
Heritage trees on a 7.8- acre site.
---
Accessory Dwelling Unit (ADU) Zoning Code Update accessorydwellingunitaduzoningcodeupdate
2020 3
In 2018 and 2019, the State adopted new regulations for ADUs in all
residential zones. The City of Mountain View is updating the Zoning
Code to align with these recent state laws. scheduled for EPC on March
4, 2020 and tentatively scheduled for City Council on March 24, 2020.
Development Projects Under Review
2020 5
In 2018 and 2019, the State adopted new regulations for ADUs in all
residential zones. The City of Mountain View is updating the Zoning
Code to align with these recent state laws. Council approval the text
amendments at a public hearing on March 4, 2020. The City Council
approved the text amendments on April 28, 2020; however, the text
amendments were pulled from the second reading on May 12, 2020 for
further review. Development Projects Under Review
---
901-987 N. Rengstorff Avenue 901987nrengstorffavenue
2020 3
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial and
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from the MM-40 (General Industri al) and R3-2sd (Multiple-
Family Residential-Special Design) Districts to the R4 (High-Density
Residential) District; a Development Review Permit and Historic
Preservation Permit to construct 91 apartment units with at-grade
parking adjacent to existing str uctures of historic significance, one
existing residential unit, and duplex unit to remain; a Heritage Tree
Removal permit to remove 21 Heritage trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment
to remove a lot line between two lots resulting in one parcel for a
1.57-acre project site. This project is located on the east side of
North Rengstorff Avenue, between Plymouth Street and Leghorn Street in
the MM-40 (General Industrial) District and R3-2sd (Multiple-Family
Residential-Special Design) District. Approved Development Projects
2020 5
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial and
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from the MM-40 (General Industrial) and R3-2sd (Multiple-
Family Residential-Special Design) Districts to the R4 (High-Density
Residential) District; a Development Review Permit and Historic
Preservation Permit to construct 91 apartment units with at-grade
parking adjacent to existing structures of historic significance, one
existing residential unit, and duplex unit to remain; a Heritage Tree
Removal permit to remove 21 Heritage trees; and a Lot Line Adjustment
to remove a lot line between two lots resulting in one parcel for a
1.57-acre project site. This project is located on the east side of
North Rengstorff Avenue, between Plymouth Street and Leghorn Street in
the MM-40 (General Industrial) District and R3-2sd (Multiple-Family
Residential-Special Design) District.
---
901 - 987 N orth  Rengstorff Avenue 901987northrengstorffavenue
2022 2
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial and
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from the MM-40 (General Industrial) and R3-2sd (Multiple-
Family Residential-Special Design) districts to the R4 (High-Density
Residential) district; a Development Review Permit and Historic
Preservation Permit to construct a 5-story building with 125 apartment
units and at-grade parking adjacent to existing structures of historic
significance with one existing r esidential unit to remain; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 22 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to combine two lots into one 1.57-acre project site. This
project is located on the east side of North Rengstorff Avenue,
between Plymouth Street and Leghorn Street in the MM-40 (General
Industrial) district and R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential- Special
Design) district. Projec t is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
Request for a General Plan Map Amendment from General Industrial and
Medium-Density Residential to High-Density Residential; a Zoning Map
Amendment from the MM-40 (General Industrial) and R3-2sd (Multiple-
Family Residential-Special Design) districts to the R4 (High-Density
Residential) district; a Development Review Permit and Historic
Preservation Permit to construct a 5-story building with 125 apartment
units and at-grade parking adjacent to existing structures of historic
significance with one existing r esidential unit to remain; a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove 22 Heritage trees; and a Preliminary
Parcel Map to combine two lots into one 1.57-acre project site. This
project is located on the east side of North Rengstorff Avenue,
between Plymouth S treet and Leghorn Street in the MM-40 (General
Industrial) district and R3-2sd (Multiple-Family Residential- Special
Design) district.
---
86 West  El Camino Real 86westelcaminoreal
2019 4
On October 14, 2015 the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a new 2-story, 4,8
00-square-foot preschool building to replace an existing one-story
building that currently houses a car-stereo business, adjacent to
their current preschool site. The project is located on the north side
of West El Camino Real between Bay Street and Calderon Avenue in the
P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
2019 6
On October 14, 2015, the Zoning Administrator approved a Planned
Community Permit and a Development Review Permit for a new 2- story,
4,800 square-foot preschool building to replace an existing one-story
building (a c ar-stereo business), adjacent to their current preschool
site. The project is located on the north side of West El Camino Real
between Bay Street and Calderon Avenue in th e P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
---
860 Bay Street 860baystreet
2022 2
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Planned Community
Permit, and Development Review Pe rmit to construct five townhome s
and a Heritage Tree Removal permit to remove one Heritage tree on a
vacant 0.25-acre project site; and a Tentative Map to create five
condominium lots and one common lot. This project is located on the
west side of Bay Street between El Camino Real and Centre Street in
the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan. Project is subject to SB 330.
2022 4
 " 
---
705 W Dana Street 705wdanastreet
2022 12
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 3- story, 19, 470 square foot commercial building
with ground-floor restaurant and upper floor office with one level of
underground public parking, replacing an existing auto repair shop, a
Provisional Use Permit to allow the restaurant use, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Per mit to remove two Heritage trees on a 0.23-acre
project site. This project is located on the southwest corner of West
Dana Street and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2023 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 3- story, 19, 470 square foot commercial building
with ground-floor restaurant and upper floor office with one level of
underground public parki ng, replacing an existing auto repair shop, a
Provisional Use Permit to allow the restaurant use, and a Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to remove two Heritage trees on a 0.23-acre
project site. This project is located on the southwest corner of West
Dana Stre et and Hope Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
599 Castro Street 599castrostreet
2018 9
On May 24, 2016 the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
and Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-use development
with (1) a 3- to 4-story, 96,500 square foot commercial building along
Castro Street with 8,000 square feet of ground-floor retail and
3-levels of underground parking; (2) 12 residential un its and a 3,400
square foot church parish office along Hope Street; and (3) a Heritage
T ree Removal Permit to remove 4 H eritage trees. This project will
replace an existing surface parking lot at the northeast corner of
Castro and Church Streets and an exi sting one-story, 7,400 square
foot church parish building on Hope Street. The project is located on
the north side of Church Street between Castro Street and Hope Street
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
2018 11
 " 
---
574 Escuela Avenue 574escuelaavenue
2013 5
In January 2013, Council approved a 44 bed assisted living project.
Building permits are expected in summer 2013.
2013 6
 " 
---
555 Walker Drive 555walkerdrive
2018 1
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to construct a 58-unit rowhouse development to replace 56 existing
apartment units on a 2.15 acre project site, Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 20 Heritage trees, and Vesting Tentative Map to
create 11 rowhouse lots and four common lots. The project is located
on the sout h of Walker Drive between Alamo Court and Taylor Court in
the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to construct a 58-unit rowhou se development to replace 56 existing
apartment units on a 2.15 acre project site, Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 16 Heritage trees, and Vesting Tentative Map to
create 11 rowhouse lots and four common lots. The project is located
on the south of W alker Drive between Alamo Court and Taylor Court in
the R3-1 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
---
400 Pacific Dr . 400pacificdr
2018 1
On October 28, 2014 the City Council approved a Precise Plan A
mendment to the Whisman Station Precise Plan to allow small-lot
single-family homes where rowhomes are required and a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for 16 small-lot si
ngle-family homes on a vacant 2-acre project site. The project i s
located at the terminus of Pacific Drive adjacent to the VTA Light
Rail Station parking lot in the P-35 (Whisman Station) Precise Plan.
2018 3
On October 28, 2014 the City Council approved a Precise Plan A
mendment to the Whisman Station Precise Plan to allow small-lot
single-family homes where rowhomes are required and a Planned
Community Permit and Development Review Permit for 16 small-lot si
ngle-family homes on a vacant 2-acre project site. The project is
located at the terminus of Pacific Drive adjacent to the VTA Light
Rail Station parking lot in the P-35 (Whisman Station) Precise Plan.
---
369 N. Whisman Road  369nwhismanroad
2018 11
In September 2011 the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Remov al Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office building, and
two four-story parking structures on a 29.3-acre project site (0.49
FAR) with seven existing office buildings and the removal of 22
Heritage trees. The approval also included a parking reduction of 143
spaces or 6.9 percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to
create 13 parcels, and a 10-year Development Agreement. The project is
located on the east side of North Whisman R oad, north of East
Middlefield Road. through September 2021.
2019 2
In September 2011 the City Council approved a request for a Transit
Oriented Development, Planned Unit Development Permit and Heritage
Tree Removal Permit to construct a three-story 70,846 square foot
office building, a four-story 109,927 square foot office building, and
two four-story parking structures on a 29.3-acre project site (0.49
FAR) with seven existing office buildings and the removal of 22
Heritage trees. The approval also included a parking reduction of 143
spaces or 6.9 percent of the required parking, a Tentative Map to
create 13 parcels, and a 10-year Development Ag reement. The project
is located on the east side of North Whisman Road, north of East
Middlefield Road. through September 2021.
---
365 - 405 San Antonio Road and 2585  - 2595 California Street (San Antonio Center Phase 365405sanantonioroadand25852595californiastreetsanantoniocenterphase
2022 2
III) Request for Amendments to the San Antonio Precise Plan, a Master
Plan, a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a
new 7-story, 182,352 square foot commercial building with 150,000
square f eet of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) from the Los
Altos School District TDR Program; a Provisional Use Permit to allow
an office use; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage
trees; a Development Agreement to extend entitlements for 7 years; and
a Lot Line Adjustment to remove one lot line to combine two parcels
into one parcel on a 0.99-acre project site. This project is located
on the southeast corner of San Antonio Road and California Street in
the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2022 4
III) Request for Amendments to the San Antonio Precise Plan, a Master
Plan, a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a
new 7-story, 182,352 square foot commercial building with 150,000
square f eet of Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) from the Los
Altos School District TDR Program and a shared pa rking reduction; a
Provisional Use Permit to allow an office use; a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove five Heritage trees; a Development Agreement to
extend entitlements for 7 years; and a Lot Line Adjustment to remove
one lot line to combine two parc els into one parcel on a 0.99-acre
project site. This project is located on the southeast corner of San
Antonio Road and California Street in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise
Plan. DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS UNDER REVIEW
---
2580 and 2590 California Street and 201 San Antonio Circle 2580and2590californiastreetand201sanantoniocircle
2017 4
Request for Master Plan approval, a Planned Community Permit and a
Development Review Permit to construct a mixed-use development with
640 residential units and 14,800 square feet of commercial space to
replace an existing 70,000 square foot office building and 53,000
square feet of existing retail, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 82 tre es. These properties comprise the North of California
Street Master Plan Area and are located on the north side of
California Street between San Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the
P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan. 2016 including EPC and City Council
study sessions. A formal application was submitted in February 2017
and was deemed incomplete. Awaiting revisions.
2017 6
Master Plan, Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit to
construct a 1.85 FAR mixed-use development with 64 2 residential units
and approximately 16,600 square feet of commercial space with below-
grade parking to replace an existing 70,000 square foot office
building and 53,000 square feet of existing retail, a Lot Line
Adjustment to merge two lots into one lot, and a Heritage Tree Removal
Permit to remove 82 trees on an 8.63-acre project site. These
properties comprise the North of California Street Master Plan Area
and are located on the north side of Califo rnia Street between San
Antonio Road and Pacchetti Way in the P-40 (San Antonio) Precise Plan.
2016 including EPC and City Council study sessions. A formal
application was submitted in February 2017 and is under review.
---
257, 259, 263, and 265 Calderon Avenue 257259263and265calderonavenue
2018 1
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and a Development Review
Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse development to replace nine
existing residential units and a Heritage Tree R emoval Permit to
remove five Heritage Trees on a 0.91 acre project site. The projec t
is located on the east side of Calderon Avenue, north of Dana Street
in the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
2018 3
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and a Development Review
Permit to construct a 16-unit rowhouse development to replace nine
existing residential units and a Heritage T ree R emoval Permit to
remove five Heritage Trees on a 0.91 acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Calderon Avenue, north of Dana Street in
the R-3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district.
---
2545 -2585 West Middlefield  Road 25452585westmiddlefieldroad
2013 5
In May 2011, Council approv ed construct 32 rowhouse units on 1.9
acres. Construction has commenced. Completion is expected by June
2014.
2013 7
In May 2011, Council approv ed construct 32 rowhouse units on 1.9
acres. Construction began in August 2012 and c ompletion is expected
by February 2014. (Melinda Denis)
---
231 Hope St. 231hopest
2019 8
Request for a Provisional Use Permit for a mixed-use development, a
Planned Community Permit for a four story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing three apartment homes, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to
remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26-acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Hope Street betwee n Villa and Dana Street
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan. Approved Development Projects
2019 10
Request for a Provisional Use Permit for a residential development, a
Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for a 4-story,
9-unit condominium project replacing a vacant site, and a Heritage
Tree R emoval P ermit to remove two Heritage trees on a 0.26-acre
project site. The project is located on the east side of Hope Street
between Villa and Dana Street in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
194-198 Castro Street 194198castrostreet
2022 12
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow an administrative office
use on the upper floors of a commercial building, and a Planned
Community Permit, Development Review Permit, and Historic Preservation
Permit to construct a 3-story, 6,086 square foot building addition
with a roofdeck to an existing two-story, 7,608 square foot historic
building with office and ground-floor restaurant, replacing an
existing outdoor patio, on a 0.14-acre site. This project is located
on the northwest corner of Castro Street and Villa Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
2023 2
Request for a Provisional Use Permit to allow an administrative office
use on the upper floors of a commercial building, and a Planned
Community Permit, Development Review Permit, and Historic Preservation
Permit to construct a 3-story, 6,086 square foot b uilding addition
with a roofdeck to an existing two-story, 7,608 square foot historic
building with office and ground-floor restaurant, replacing an
existing outdoor patio, on a 0.14-acre site. This project is located
on the northwest corner of Castro Stre et and Villa Street in the P-19
(Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
1860 -2159 Landings Drive and 1014 -1058 Huff Avenue  18602159landingsdriveand10141058huffavenue
2019 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review Permit
to constr uct a 803,004 square foot office building with one level of
podium parking, a four-story, 536,500 square foot parking structure,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 374 Heritage Trees,
replacing an existing office building on a 26.43-acre project site.
This project has two separate sites: the office project is located on
Landings Drive south of Charleston Road, west of Permanente Creek, and
north of Highway 101. The parking garage is located between Alta
Avenue and Huff Avenue midblock between C harleston Road and Plymouth
Street. Both sites are located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review Permit
to construct a 803,004 square foot office building with one level of
podium parking, a four-story, 536,500 square foot parking structure,
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 374 Heritage Trees,
replacing an existing office building on a 26.43-acre project site.
This project has two separate sites: the office project is located on
Landings Drive south of Charleston Road, west of Permanente Creek, and
north of Highway 101. The parking garage is located between Alta
Avenue and Huff Avenue midblock between Charleston Road and Plymouth
Street. Both sites are located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise
Plan.
---
1616 El Camino Real West 1616elcaminorealwest
2013 5
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a 67
unit apartment project, adjacent to the Tropicana project. Formal
review began after Council approved the Tropicana project in March
2013. An EPC study session was held in May 2013. The applicant is
revising their plans. (Central Neighborhoods Planning Area)
2013 7
In January 2013, Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to study a 67
unit apartment project, adjacent to the Tropicana project. Formal
review began after Council approved the Tropicana project in March
2013. An EPC study session was held in May 2013. The applicant is
revising their plans. A final Council hearing is anticipated by the
end of 2013.
---
Wonder Years Preschool (86 El Camino Real) In November 2014, Wonder Years Preschool submitted an informal application to build a new 2-story, 4,400-square-foot preschool building on a site adjacent to their current property. wonderyearspreschool86elcaminorealinnovember2014wonderyearspreschoolsubmittedaninformalapplicationtobuildanew2story4400squarefootpreschoolbuildingonasiteadjacenttotheircurrentproperty
2015 2
The project would replace an existing 1-story building that currently
houses a car-stereo business. Status/Next Step(s): Informal review.
Planning Area: Central Neighborhoods Project Planner: Eric Anderson
---
Warmington Residential (277 Fairchild Dr.) The applicant is proposing 30 new rowhomes on a 1.5-acre lot. warmingtonresidential277fairchilddrtheapplicantisproposing30newrowhomesona15acrelot
2015 2
The project would replace a motel and small commercial building.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. A Council hearing is anticipated in
mid-2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric
Anderson
---
Taco Bell  tacobell
2019 4
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 2,127 s quare foot fast food restaurant with a
drive-through, a Provisional Use Permit to allow a drive-through
service use, and a parking reduction of 20 parking spaces in lieu of
the required 21 spaces, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove
one Heritage tree on a 0.44- acre project site. This project is
located on the north side of West El Camino Real between Ehrhorn
Avenue and Calde ron Avenue in the P-38 (El Camino Real) Precise Plan.
---
South Whisman Project (Ferguson Rd.) In March 2009, the City Council approved the South Whisman Precise Plan to create a new residential neighborhood on 38 acres of land on five separate parcels with different owners near Whisman Station. southwhismanprojectfergusonrdinmarch2009thecitycouncilapprovedthesouthwhismanpreciseplantocreateanewresidentialneighborhoodon38acresoflandonfiveseparateparcelswithdifferentownersnearwhismanstation
2015 2
Pulte Homes and EFL Development submitted a master plan and PC permits
for 593 units on a 3.0-acre public park on about 28 acres, consisting
of 400 residential apartments and 193 rowhouse units. Status/Next
Steps: Under review. A City Council study session was held on October
21, 2014 to allow the Council and public to comment on the project.
The applicants are revising the plans to address Council’s comments.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Melinda Denis San
Antonio Planning Area
---
Senate Bill (SB 9) Code Amendments senatebillsb9codeamendments
2022 2
SB 9 became effective on January 1, 2022. This bill requires
ministerial approval of a proposed housing development containing two
residential units on a single-family residential zoned (R1 zone)
property if the proposed development meets certain standard requ
irements (referred to as “duo developments”). SB 9 also requires
ministerial approval of a lot subdivision in a single-family
residential zone (R1 zone) if it meets certain lot requirements (these
are referred to as “urban lot splits”). The City is prepari ng text
amendments to the City Code to be consistent with SB 9, which will go
to public hearings before the Environmental Planning Commission and
City Council for adoption.
---
Paul Ryan (858 Sierra Vista Ave.) On November 12, 2014 the City Council approved a Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit, Development Review Permit, and Heritage Tree Removal Permit to allow for four small-lot, single-family homes to replace an existing home, on a 0.52 acre project site, located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between Colony Street and Plymouth Street in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family Residential) district. paulryan858sierravistaaveonnovember122014thecitycouncilapprovedarequestforaplannedunitdevelopmentpermitdevelopmentreviewpermitandheritagetreeremovalpermittoallowforfoursmalllotsinglefamilyhomestoreplaceanexistinghomeona052acreprojectsitelocatedonthewestsideofsierravistaavenuebetweencolonystreetandplymouthstreetinther32multiplefamilyresidentialdistrict
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The applicant intends to submit for
building permit in spring 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock
Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
---
Pacific Press – Courtyard (1200 Villa St.) In June 2011, the City Council authorized a Gatekeeper request to allow office FAR’s up to 0.65. pacificpresscourtyard1200villastinjune2011thecitycouncilauthorizedagatekeeperrequesttoallowofficefarsupto065
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. Planning Area: Central Neighborhood
Project Planner: Gerry Beaudin
---
Multimodal Improve ment Plan and Transportation Impact Fee multimodalimprovementplanandtransportationimpactfee
2018 9
On September 11, 2018 the City Council approved a Multimodal
Improvement Plan and City-wide Transportation Impact Fee. The Plan
include s City improvements, programs and services to support
alternative transportation modes, such as bicycles, transit and
walking.
---
LinkedIn  – Existing Campus  (700 E. Middlefield R oad and 1100 W.  Maude linkedinexistingcampus700emiddlefieldroadand1100wmaude
2017 4
Avenue) Request for exterior building modifications, site and
landscape modifications, and a parking reduction at an existing office
campus.
---
Hope Street Investors (231-235 Hope St.) In July 2014, an application was submitted for a 4-story, 9-unit condominium project replacing three apartment units on a 0.26 acre site located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street. hopestreetinvestors231235hopestinjuly2014anapplicationwassubmittedfora4story9unitcondominiumprojectreplacingthreeapartmentunitsona026acresitelocatedontheeastsideofhopestreetbetweenvillaanddanastreet
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Central
Neighborhoods Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
---
Holiday Inn Express (870 Leong Dr.) Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit for the construction of a new 41,039 square foot, 78-room hotel, on a 0.85-acre site, located on the west side of Leong Drive. holidayinnexpress870leongdrrequestforaplannedcommunitypermitanddevelopmentreviewpermitfortheconstructionofanew41039squarefoot78roomhotelona085acresitelocatedonthewestsideofleongdrive
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The project is undergoing
environmental review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Scott Plambaeck
---
Hetch-Hetchy Property (450 N. Whisman Dr.) In April 2013, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review Permit for a 37-unit rowhouse development and a public trail on a vacant 6.4 acre property, located on North Whisman Road between Whisman Court and Walker Drive. hetchhetchyproperty450nwhismandrinapril2013theapplicantsubmittedarequestforaplannedunitdevelopmentpermitanddevelopmentreviewpermitfora37unitrowhousedevelopmentandapublictrailonavacant64acrepropertylocatedonnorthwhismanroadbetweenwhismancourtandwalkerdrive
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Approved. The City Council approved the project
on November 12, 2014. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner:
Scott Plambaeck
---
Google Landings/Charleston East Maste r Plan (1860-2159 Landings Drive, 1014-1058 googlelandingscharlestoneastmasterplan18602159landingsdrive10141058
2019 6
Huff Avenue, 900 Alta Avenue, and 2000 N. Shoreline Boulevard Request
for a Google Landings and Charleston Ea st Master Plan to create off-
site, shared parking for the office building (Google Landin gs) south
of Charleston Road and Charleston East on a separate site at Alta
Avenue an d Huff Avenue midblock between Charleston Road and Plymouth
Street located in the P-39 (North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
---
Google Landings  googlelandings
2019 6
Request for a Planned Community Permit and a Development Review Permit
to construct an 803,004 square foot office building with on e level of
podium parking and a four-story, 536,500 square foot parking
structure, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 374 Heritage
Trees to replace an existing office building on a 26.43-acre project
site. The office project is located on Landings Drive south of
Charleston Road, west of Permanente Creek, and north of Highway 101,
while the parking g arage is located on a separate site between Alta
Avenue and Huff Avenue midblock bet ween Charleston Road and Plymouth
Street (see Google Landings/Charleston East Master Plan) in the P-39
(North Bayshore) Precise Plan.
---
El Camino Real Hospital Behavioral Health Building (2500 Grant Rd.) Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct a new 2-story, 63,000 sq. ft. Behavioral Health building, a new 7-story, 230,000 sq. ft. medical office building, a new multi-level parking structure adjacent o the new medical office building, and an expansion to the existing North Parking Garage; elcaminorealhospitalbehavioralhealthbuilding2500grantrdrequestforaplannedcommunitypermittoconstructanew2story63000sqftbehavioralhealthbuildinganew7story230000sqftmedicalofficebuildinganewmultilevelparkingstructureadjacentothenewmedicalofficebuildingandanexpansiontotheexistingnorthparkinggarage
2015 2
and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove heritage trees on the
40-acre hospital campus. The project includes demolition of the
following existing buildings: 21,300 sq. ft. behavioral health
building, 278,372 sq. ft. Old Main Hospital Building, and a 90,12 sq.
ft. North Addition (adjacent to the Old Main Hospital). Status/Next
Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: Miramonte/Springer Project
Planner: Lindsay Hagan Grant/Sylvan Planning Area
---
DeNardi Homes (186 East Middlefield Rd.) In January 2015, the applicant submitted a request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review Permit for an 8-unit rowhouse project, replacing several small residential structures. denardihomes186eastmiddlefieldrdinjanuary2015theapplicantsubmittedarequestforaplannedunitdevelopmentpermitanddevelopmentreviewpermitforan8unitrowhouseprojectreplacingseveralsmallresidentialstructures
2015 2
The project will be oriented toward Flynn Ave. and will not affect the
structures facing East Middlefield Rd. Status/Next Step(s): Under
Review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Eric Anderson
---
D & C Development (828 and 836 Sierra Vista Avenue, 1975 and 1979 Colony dcdevelopment828and836sierravistaavenue1975and1979colony
2018 3
Street) Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review
P ermit to construct a new 20-unit rowhouse development, including a
20% state density bonus, to replace three existing single family homes
and one duplex on four parcels on a 0.99-acre project site; and a
determination that the project is categorically exem pt pursuant to
15332 of the CEQA Guidelines (“In-Fill Development Projects"). This
project is located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
---
Council will review the councilwillreviewthe
2013 10
plan on October 29. Final Council action is expected in b efore summer
2014. Project plans are posted at www.mountainview.gov/planning. (San
Antonio Planning Area) (Melinda Denis)
---
Climate Action Plan  climateactionplan
2013 5
In February 2013, Council authorized staff to work on the CAP.
Planning staff is assisting the Public Works Department, which is the
lead department. The CAP is a blueprint to address challenges posed by
climate change.
---
Charleston Retention Basin Habitat Restoration Project In January 2014, Google submitted an application to improve the Charleston Retention Basin. charlestonretentionbasinhabitatrestorationprojectinjanuary2014googlesubmittedanapplicationtoimprovethecharlestonretentionbasin
2015 2
The project includes restoration and enhancement of wetlands, the
surrounding landscape, and trail system for the area just south of the
Steirlin Court and west of North Shoreline Boulevard. Status/Next
Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner:
Stephanie Williams
---
Calvano Development (1001 N. Shoreline Blvd) Request for a Development Review Permit for the construction of a 4-story, 111,443 square foot office building with outdoor amenity space and a surface parking lot; and a lot merger to combine 10 lots into one parcel on a 7.3-acre site, located on the northeast corner of N. Shoreline Boulevard and Terra Bella Avenue in the ML (Limited Industrial) and MM (General Industrial) districts. calvanodevelopment1001nshorelineblvdrequestforadevelopmentreviewpermitfortheconstructionofa4story111443squarefootofficebuildingwithoutdooramenityspaceandasurfaceparkinglotandalotmergertocombine10lotsintooneparcelona73acresitelocatedonthenortheastcornerofnshorelineboulevardandterrabellaavenueinthemllimitedindustrialandmmgeneralindustrialdistricts
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman
Project Planner: Lindsay Hagan
---
Broadreach (1625 Plymouth Street) Request for an informal review of a new six story, 224,508 square foot office building and parking structure on a vacant 5.15 acre lot, located on the south side of Plymouth Street between North Shoreline Boulevard and Alta Avenue. broadreach1625plymouthstreetrequestforaninformalreviewofanewsixstory224508squarefootofficebuildingandparkingstructureonavacant515acrelotlocatedonthesouthsideofplymouthstreetbetweennorthshorelineboulevardandaltaavenue
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Council authorized a gatekeeper to
allow the project to be reviewed informally prior to the adoption of
the North Bayshore Precise Plan. The applicant submitted plans for
informal Development Review Committee (DRC) review and comment.
Planning Area: North Bayshore Project Planner: Stephanie Williams
---
Austin’s – Prometheus  austinsprometheus
2013 6
In January 2013, Council authorized a Ga tekeeper request to study a
67 unit apartment project, adjacent to the Tropic ana project. Formal
review began after Council approved the Tropicana projec t in March
2013. An EPC study session was held in May 2013. The applicant is
revising their plans. A final Council hearing is anticipated by the
end of 2013.
---
Alvin/Middlefield  alvinmiddlefield
2013 6
In May 2011, Council approved construct 32 rowhouse units on 1.9
acres. Construction began in August 2012 and co mpletion is expected
by June 2014. (Melinda Denis)
---
Adachi (1991 Sun Mor Ave.) In 2005, the Adachi family submitted an informal application for a 13-unit single-family subdivision on a 5-acre site. adachi1991sunmoravein2005theadachifamilysubmittedaninformalapplicationfora13unitsinglefamilysubdivisionona5acresite
2015 2
A formal application followed in 2007. The applicant resubmitted an
incomplete application in February 2013 for staff review and staff
provided comment. Status/Next Step(s): Inactive. The property owner is
evaluating options for completing the application process at this
time. Planning Area: Grant/Sylvan Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
---
865 E. El Camino Real 865eelcaminoreal
2015 11
In April 2013, the City Council approved a Planned Community Permit
for a four- story, 150-unit residential development with underground
parking and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit for 15 trees on a 2.3-acre
site for SummerHill Apartment Communities. The pr oject includes
demolition of an existing billiard hall, grocery store, and
restaurant. Lennar Multifamily Communities has purchased the site from
SummerHill. is expected to be completed in November 2015.
---
828 and 836 Sierra Vista Aven ue, 1975 and 1979 Colony Street 828and836sierravistaavenue1975and1979colonystreet
2018 5
Request for a Planned Unit Development and Development Review Permit
to construct a new 20-unit rowhouse development, including a 20% state
density bonus, to replace three existing single family homes and one
duplex on four parcels on a 0.99-acre project site; and a
determination that the project is categorically exempt pursuant to
15332 of the CEQA Guidelines (“In-Fill Development Projects"). This
project is located on the west side of Sierra Vista Avenue between
Colony Street and Old Middlefield Way in the R3-2 (Multiple-Family
Residential) district.
---
715 Sleeper Avenue 715sleeperavenue
2017 4
Request for a Planned Unit Development Permit and Development Review
Permit to construct 2 new single-family homes, one on a flag lot; an
Heritage Tree Removal Permit for the removal of one Heritage tree on a
27,244 square foot lot. This property is located south of Sleeper
Avenue between Sun Mor Avenue and Yorkshire Way in the R1-10 (Single-
Family Residential) district.
---
675-685 E. Middlefield Road 675685emiddlefieldroad
2023 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit and Development Review Permit
to construct a new mixed use development comprised of five buildings,
including two new 8-story multi-family apartment buildings, a new
8-story, 144 unit affordable residential apartment building, a new
6-story, 260,000 square foot office building, a new 8.5-level parking
garage containing 638 parking spaces, and a 0.36- acre privately
owned, publicly accessible open space to replace two, 2-story office
buildings and a surface parking lot; a Provisional Use Permit for
rooftop amenities; a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 46
Heritage trees on a 10.58-acre project site; and a Vesting T entative
Map to create six new parcels for the mixed-used project. This project
is located on the southeast corner of East Middlefield Road and
Ferguson Drive in the P-41 (East Whisman) Precise Plan.
---
340 E . Middlefield R d. 340emiddlefieldrd
2013 8
In June 2012, the Zoning Administrator approved a new two- story,
17,740 square foot (0.35 FAR) office building for “E-Health.”
Construction began in February 2013 and c ompletion is expected by
October 2013.
---
333 N. Rengstorff Ave. In February 2014, Moshe Dinar submitted a formal application in February 2014 to construct a 29-unit rowhouse project and a request to remove 37 Heritage trees on a 1.72 acre project site. 333nrengstorffaveinfebruary2014moshedinarsubmittedaformalapplicationinfebruary2014toconstructa29unitrowhouseprojectandarequesttoremove37heritagetreesona172acreprojectsite
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The project was reviewed by the
Zoning Administrator and the Subdivision Committee at a hearing on
December 10, 2014. The Zoning Administrator and Subdivision Committee
made positive recommendations to Council. Council will hear the item
in March 2015. Planning Area: Monta Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner:
Elizabeth Cramblet
---
3119 Grant Road 3119grantroad
2013 5
In June 2009, Council approved a 53- unit single-family residential
project. Construction began in late-2010 and completion is expected by
the end of May 2013.
---
2700 W.  El Camino Real 2700welcaminoreal
2017 2
Request for a Planned Community Permit to construct 211 apartment
units and 2,000 square feet of ground floor commercial space with
underground parking to replace an existing motel and vacant restaurant
buildings, including a 20% State Density Bonus with d evelopment
waivers allowing up to 2.20 floor area ratio and a total height of up
to five stories/ 65 feet, reduced open space dimension to 15 feet
wide, and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove five Heritage trees
on a 2.2 acre project site on the north side of El Camino Real between
Del Medio Avenue and Cesano C ourt in the P-38 (El Camino Real)
Precise Plan.
---
250 Middlefield Ave. 250middlefieldave
2014 8
In May, 2014, Google Inc. submitted a request for façade and site
improvements for an amenities building on a 17.3 acre site.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Monta Loma Planner:
Margaret Netto
---
231 -235 Hope St. 231235hopest
2018 9
In June 2015 the City Council approved a Planned Community permit and
Provisional Use Permit for a four story, 9-unit condominium project
replacing three apartment units, and a Heritage Tree removal permit to
remove 2 Heritage trees on a 0.26 acre project site. The project is
located on the east side of Hope Street between Villa and Dana Street
in the P-19 (Downtown) Precise Plan.
---
2300 W El Camino Real In August 2014, an informal review application was submitted for the remodel and expansion of an existing hotel, to allow a four-story, 117 room hotel with a level of underground parking. The project site is 2300welcaminorealinaugust2014aninformalreviewapplicationwassubmittedfortheremodelandexpansionofanexistinghoteltoallowafourstory117roomhotelwithalevelofundergroundparkingtheprojectsiteis
2015 2
located on the north side of El Camino Real between Ortega Avenue and
South Rengstorff Avenue in the CRA (Commercial/Residential-Arterial)
District. Status/Next Step(s): Under Review. Planning Area: El Camino
Real Project Planner: Diana Pancholi
---
2000 N . Shoreline B lvd. 2000nshorelineblvd
2013 8
In March 2011, the City Council approved an amendment to the North
Bayshore Precise Plan area to allow up to 595,000 sq. ft. of
office/R&D building area on the site. Google entered into a lease with
the City to develop and occupy the property. This application is not
active. (North Bayshore Planning Area)
---
1998-2024 Montecito Ave. In September 2014, Stuart Welte submitted a formal application for a 16-unit condominium project with underground parking on 0.93 acre project site. 19982024montecitoaveinseptember2014stuartweltesubmittedaformalapplicationfora16unitcondominiumprojectwithundergroundparkingon093acreprojectsite
2015 2
The project would replace three apartments and a single-family home.
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Eric Anderson
---
1968 Hackett Ave. & 208-210 Sierra Vista Ave. In December 2014, Dividend Homes submitted a formal application to construction a 24-unit rowhouse project to replace 21 existing apartment units and a request to remove 8 Heritage trees on a 1.60 acre project site. 1968hackettave208210sierravistaaveindecember2014dividendhomessubmittedaformalapplicationtoconstructiona24unitrowhouseprojecttoreplace21existingapartmentunitsandarequesttoremove8heritagetreesona160acreprojectsite
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. Planning Area: Monta
Loma/Farley/Rock Project Planner: Rebecca Shapiro Moffett/Whisman
Planning Area
---
167 N. Whisman Rd. In September 2013, plans were submitted for a 2-unit small-lot single-family subdivision totaling approximately 6,600 square feet on 0.3 acres in the Whisman Station Precise Plan area. 167nwhismanrdinseptember2013plansweresubmittedfora2unitsmalllotsinglefamilysubdivisiontotalingapproximately6600squarefeeton03acresinthewhismanstationpreciseplanarea
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. The Zoning Administrator will
likely hold an administrative zoning hearing to take final action on
the project in early 2015. Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project
Planner: Elizabeth Cramblet
---
133-149 Fairchild Dr. Request for a Planned Community Permit and Planned Unit Development Permit to allow a new 35-unit rowhouse project and a Heritage Tree Removal Permit to remove 10 Heritage trees on a 1.8 acre project site, located on the south side of Fairchild Drive between Tyrella Avenue and North Whisman Road. 133149fairchilddrrequestforaplannedcommunitypermitandplannedunitdevelopmentpermittoallowanew35unitrowhouseprojectandaheritagetreeremovalpermittoremove10heritagetreesona18acreprojectsitelocatedonthesouthsideoffairchilddrivebetweentyrellaavenueandnorthwhismanroad
2015 2
Status/Next Step(s): Under review. This project is phase II of the 111
Fairchild Drive project. A Council hearing is expected in early 2015.
Planning Area: Moffett/Whisman Project Planner: Scott Plambaeck
---
1101 El Camino Real West 1101elcaminorealwest
2013 7
In June 2013, Regis Homes applied for a 52 unit condominium
development including a 32.5% density bonus in conjunction with 10% of
the units being provided as very-low-income units. A final Council
hearing is anticipated by June 2014.
---
